# FamilyItemFactory.NewBlend Method

---  
Add a new Blend instance into the Autodesk Revit family document.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public Blend NewBlend(
    	bool isSolid,
    	CurveArray profile1,
    	CurveArray profile2,
    	SketchPlane sketchPlane
    )
    
    Public Function NewBlend ( 
    	isSolid As Boolean,
    	profile1 As CurveArray,
    	profile2 As CurveArray,
    	sketchPlane As SketchPlane
    ) As Blend
    
    public:
    Blend^ NewBlend(
    	bool isSolid, 
    	CurveArray^ profile1, 
    	CurveArray^ profile2, 
    	SketchPlane^ sketchPlane
    )
    
    member NewBlend : 
            isSolid : bool * 
            profile1 : CurveArray * 
            profile2 : CurveArray * 
            sketchPlane : SketchPlane -> Blend 
#### Parameters
isSolid Boolean
    Indicates if the Blend is Solid or Void.
profile1 [CurveArray](55103aad-38fd-45d2-6bf7-67a5203e99f3.htm)
    The first blend section. It should represent a single, planar curve loop.
profile2 [CurveArray](55103aad-38fd-45d2-6bf7-67a5203e99f3.htm)
    The second blend section. It should represent a single, planar curve loop lying in a plane parallel to that of the first blend section.
sketchPlane [SketchPlane](ba104029-d175-7e75-caef-667a4281f4af.htm)
    The sketch plane for the first profile. Use this to associate the "base" of the blend to geometry from another element. Optional, it can be  if you want Revit to derive a new sketch plane from the geometry of the base profile.
#### Return Value
[Blend](6875edf6-f0ba-60bc-f294-21bb689c5994.htm)If creation was successful the new blend is returned, otherwise an exception with failure information will be thrown.
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when the argument is invalid.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when creation is attempted in Conceptual Mass, 2D, or other family where blends cannot be created.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when the creation failed.   
This method creates a blend in a family document. Revit will determine an appropriate default mapping for the vertices of the two profiles. A profile loop cannot contain just one closed curve - in such a case, the curve must be split into at least two segments, so that Revit can find vertices to use for mapping the blend. Caution: several aspects of the Blend are not (easily) predictable from the input arguments. For example, the Blend's TopOffset may be less than its BottomOffset in some cases, depending on the orientations of the profile loops and the orientation of the sketch plane (if a sketch plane is provided). Also, such orientations can affect whether the first or second profile lies in the sketch plane (if a sketch plane is provided). 
#### Reference
[FamilyItemFactory Class](a7622967-1381-c17f-ed04-1ebe40da0440.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)