# FabricationPartSizeMap(String, Double, Double, Boolean, ConnectorProfileType, Int32, Int32) Constructor

---  
Creates a new instance of the FabricationPartSizeMap class. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Fabrication](49e74a25-7ea1-efa6-548a-a3c3d0655e43.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public FabricationPartSizeMap(
    	string size,
    	double widthDiameter,
    	double depth,
    	bool isProductList,
    	ConnectorProfileType profileType,
    	int serviceId,
    	int paletteId
    )
    
    Public Sub New ( 
    	size As String,
    	widthDiameter As Double,
    	depth As Double,
    	isProductList As Boolean,
    	profileType As ConnectorProfileType,
    	serviceId As Integer,
    	paletteId As Integer
    )
    
    public:
    FabricationPartSizeMap(
    	String^ size, 
    	double widthDiameter, 
    	double depth, 
    	bool isProductList, 
    	ConnectorProfileType profileType, 
    	int serviceId, 
    	int paletteId
    )
    
    new : 
            size : string * 
            widthDiameter : float * 
            depth : float * 
            isProductList : bool * 
            profileType : ConnectorProfileType * 
            serviceId : int * 
            paletteId : int -> FabricationPartSizeMap
#### Parameters
size String
     The size display string for the straight that can be used by the user interface. 
widthDiameter Double
     The width or diameter of the straight. 
depth Double
     The depth of the straight. 
isProductList Boolean
     Set if the straight a product list or not. 
profileType [ConnectorProfileType](94482e32-e0e3-2340-c23c-6cef9348434e.htm)
     Set the shape of the straight. 
serviceId Int32
     Set the service identifier of the straight. 
paletteId Int32
     Set the palette identifier of the straight. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
#### Reference
[FabricationPartSizeMap Class](b4be4ccc-ac6d-bb65-ef61-a41713b2916f.htm)
[FabricationPartSizeMap Overload](0448905d-7f22-4d62-e8f8-05e4d6141056.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Fabrication Namespace](49e74a25-7ea1-efa6-548a-a3c3d0655e43.htm)