# FabricationPart.RotateConnectedPartByConnector Method

---  
Rotates a connected fabrication part around the axis of the specified connector. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static void RotateConnectedPartByConnector(
    	Document document,
    	Connector connector,
    	double axisRotationBy
    )
    
    Public Shared Sub RotateConnectedPartByConnector ( 
    	document As Document,
    	connector As Connector,
    	axisRotationBy As Double
    )
    
    public:
    static void RotateConnectedPartByConnector(
    	Document^ document, 
    	Connector^ connector, 
    	double axisRotationBy
    )
    
    static member RotateConnectedPartByConnector : 
            document : Document * 
            connector : Connector * 
            axisRotationBy : float -> unit 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
connector [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The connected connector of the fabrication part to be rotated. 
axisRotationBy Double
     The angle in radians to rotate by. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  For rectangular and oval parts the axis rotation must be a multiple of PI/2. -or- The connector does not belong to a fabrication part. -or- Connector is not connected. -or- Connector belongs to a fabrication part tap. -or- Fabrication part cannot be rotated because it is either unable to be re-sized or it is too constrained.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  rotate failed because the fabrication part geometry could not be modified accordingly.   
Attempts to resize rectangular and oval ends if the angle is a multiple of PI/2. Taps cannot be rotated. For rectangular and oval profiles only 90, 180 and 270 degree rotations are valid. 
#### Reference
[FabricationPart Class](c9b86162-c105-696a-a919-49a7a7938cc4.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)