# ExporterIFCUtils.IsCurveLoopConvexWithOpenings Method

---  
Checks if the region bounded by the input curve loop can be represented as the subtraction of 0 or more convex polygons from a base convex polygon. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.IFC](b823fafb-1ba1-896b-4097-142c2817ce74.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPIIFC (in RevitAPIIFC.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool IsCurveLoopConvexWithOpenings(
    	CurveLoop inputCurveLoop,
    	Wall wall,
    	IFCRange range,
    	out bool loopIsDegenerate
    )
    
    Public Shared Function IsCurveLoopConvexWithOpenings ( 
    	inputCurveLoop As CurveLoop,
    	wall As Wall,
    	range As IFCRange,
    	<OutAttribute> ByRef loopIsDegenerate As Boolean
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool IsCurveLoopConvexWithOpenings(
    	CurveLoop^ inputCurveLoop, 
    	Wall^ wall, 
    	IFCRange^ range, 
    	[OutAttribute] bool% loopIsDegenerate
    )
    
    static member IsCurveLoopConvexWithOpenings : 
            inputCurveLoop : CurveLoop * 
            wall : Wall * 
            range : IFCRange * 
            loopIsDegenerate : bool byref -> bool 
#### Parameters
inputCurveLoop [CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.htm)
     The input curve loop. It is intended that this curve loop have been obtained from the elevation profile of a wall. 
wall [Wall](b5891733-c602-12df-beab-da414b58d608.htm)
     The wall from which the curve loop was obtained. 
range [IFCRange](dd18e556-a0d8-7bbb-1522-518d8a82736f.htm)
     The range extents of the wall. 
loopIsDegenerate Boolean
     If the function returns false but this returns true, the loop could be obtained but was degenerate. Thus there is no extrusion that can be produced. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if the region can be represented by a boolean combination of polygons, false otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
This function is intended to be used to determine if the geometry of a wall with an elevation profile can be successfully represented as a vertical extrusion with one or more openings removed. If this function is to return true, the subtracting polygons must each have at least one edge coincident with the base convex polygon. Before the check is performed, this input curve will be trimmed by the range extents of the wall, if any. 
#### Reference
[ExporterIFCUtils Class](e0e78d67-739c-0cd6-9e3d-359e42758c93.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.IFC Namespace](b823fafb-1ba1-896b-4097-142c2817ce74.htm)