# DatumPlane.AddLeader Method

---  
Adds a default Leader for the indicated end of the datum plane. This method does not apply to Reference planes (which do not support leaders). 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public Leader AddLeader(
    	DatumEnds datumEnd,
    	View view
    )
    
    Public Function AddLeader ( 
    	datumEnd As DatumEnds,
    	view As View
    ) As Leader
    
    public:
    Leader^ AddLeader(
    	DatumEnds datumEnd, 
    	View^ view
    )
    
    member AddLeader : 
            datumEnd : DatumEnds * 
            view : View -> Leader 
#### Parameters
datumEnd [DatumEnds](60cdd5d4-8c6c-320b-7b8b-1cc4487edd9c.htm)
     The end of the datum plane. 
view [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
     The view on which the DatumPlane shows. 
#### Return Value
[Leader](66228564-d8b8-fc81-454c-e175528f7188.htm) The Leader of the datum plane. Null will return if the view is null. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The datum plane cannot be visible in the view. -or- The bubble is not visible at the datumEnd of the datum plane.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This datum plane has no leaders. -or- The DatumPlane already has a leader applied.   
The leader can be added only to ends where the bubble is set to be shown and does not have a leader applied. 
#### Reference
[DatumPlane Class](3e0a6725-ee40-c4d5-839f-b7720c1fe2af.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)