# FormattedText.SetAllCapsStatus(TextRange, Boolean) Method

---  
Sets the characters in a given text range to be in all caps or not. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetAllCapsStatus(
    	TextRange textRange,
    	bool isAllCaps
    )
    
    Public Sub SetAllCapsStatus ( 
    	textRange As TextRange,
    	isAllCaps As Boolean
    )
    
    public:
    void SetAllCapsStatus(
    	TextRange^ textRange, 
    	bool isAllCaps
    )
    
    member SetAllCapsStatus : 
            textRange : TextRange * 
            isAllCaps : bool -> unit 
#### Parameters
textRange [TextRange](8a00baaf-8cb8-d9f0-e0a0-eaa5aa16e55e.htm)
     The given text range. 
isAllCaps Boolean
     The desired all caps status of characters in the given text range. True will render all characters in all caps. False will revert the characters back to their original mixed case. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  This text range is empty. -or- This start index of this text range is not within the text range identifying the entire text. -or- The end of this text range is not within the text range identifying the entire text.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
Removing the all caps status will revert the characters back to their original case. It will not make them lower case. 
The given text range should not be empty. 
#### Reference
[FormattedText Class](79a92343-2342-8325-1b51-f12c4fb05481.htm)
[SetAllCapsStatus Overload](abf2e346-79c9-8128-926e-1fbf6af65c5d.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)