# MEPSupportUtils.CreateDuctworkStiffener Method

---  
Create family based stiffener on the specified fabrication ductwork. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static FamilyInstance CreateDuctworkStiffener(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId familySymbolId,
    	ElementId hostId,
    	double distanceFromHostEnd
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreateDuctworkStiffener ( 
    	document As Document,
    	familySymbolId As ElementId,
    	hostId As ElementId,
    	distanceFromHostEnd As Double
    ) As FamilyInstance
    
    public:
    static FamilyInstance^ CreateDuctworkStiffener(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ familySymbolId, 
    	ElementId^ hostId, 
    	double distanceFromHostEnd
    )
    
    static member CreateDuctworkStiffener : 
            document : Document * 
            familySymbolId : ElementId * 
            hostId : ElementId * 
            distanceFromHostEnd : float -> FamilyInstance 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
familySymbolId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of a stiffener FamilySymbol. 
hostId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the host ductwork. 
distanceFromHostEnd Double
     The distance from the host primary end to place the hosted instance. Units are in feet (ft). 
#### Return Value
[FamilyInstance](0d2231f8-91e6-794f-92ae-16aad8014b27.htm) The new stiffener family instance. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  document is not a project document. -or- familySymbolId is not a valid Element identifier. -or- hostId is not a valid Element identifier. -or- Invalid familySymbolId for stiffeners. -or- Host is not a straight ductwork.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  The distance from host primary end is out of range.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The profiles of family symbol and host are mismatch.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
[RegenerationFailedException](787bb389-74c2-5ce7-cdd6-32211209ded2.htm)|  Failed to create stiffener due to document regenerate error.   
#### Reference
[MEPSupportUtils Class](07955d2c-cce3-0a0f-4888-bfba19ad2043.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)