# StairsLanding.SetSketchedLandingBoundaryAndPath Method

---  
Sets the boundary and path curves of the sketched landing. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Architecture](720f0c58-cb2b-4f13-374a-7348ed0a1cd3.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetSketchedLandingBoundaryAndPath(
    	Document document,
    	CurveLoop boundaryCurveLoop,
    	CurveLoop pathCurveLoop
    )
    
    Public Sub SetSketchedLandingBoundaryAndPath ( 
    	document As Document,
    	boundaryCurveLoop As CurveLoop,
    	pathCurveLoop As CurveLoop
    )
    
    public:
    void SetSketchedLandingBoundaryAndPath(
    	Document^ document, 
    	CurveLoop^ boundaryCurveLoop, 
    	CurveLoop^ pathCurveLoop
    )
    
    member SetSketchedLandingBoundaryAndPath : 
            document : Document * 
            boundaryCurveLoop : CurveLoop * 
            pathCurveLoop : CurveLoop -> unit 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document that owns the landing. 
boundaryCurveLoop [CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.htm)
     The closed boundary curves of the landing. 
pathCurveLoop [CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.htm)
     The path curves of the landing, can be an empty CurveLoop. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The boundaryCurveLoop is not closed. -or- The input boundaryCurveLoop contains at least one curve which is not a bound Line or bound Arc and is not supported for this operation. -or- The input pathCurveLoop contains at least one curve which is not a bound Line or bound Arc and is not supported for this operation. -or- Failed to create curve element by the boundaryCurveLoop or pathCurveLoop.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
This should be run from within an open transaction. 
#### Reference
[StairsLanding Class](cae109cd-bc50-6c36-300e-35d3457c0982.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Architecture Namespace](720f0c58-cb2b-4f13-374a-7348ed0a1cd3.htm)