# RebarHandleType Enumeration

---  
The various types of handles on a Rebar instance that can be joined to References 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum RebarHandleType
    
    Public Enumeration RebarHandleType
    
    public enum class RebarHandleType
    
    type RebarHandleType
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
CustomHandle| 5|  Custom handle used in API constraints. The handle itself and the behavior of this type of handle is defined in the API (see [IRebarUpdateServer](3e845cad-eca0-ccb3-785b-48a32a9f2677.htm)). This handle defines a symbolic part of the rebar and is not tied to a specific segment or part of the rebar. Handles that represent the start and end of a bar should not be of this type.   
Edge| 3|  Handle controlling location of a single edge segment of the Rebar. Drives the edge in the direction perpendicular to the edge and in the Rebar's primary plane.   
EndOfBar| 2|  Handle controlling end point of the Rebar.   
OutOfPlaneExtent| 4|  Handle controlling the extent of a three-dimensional Rebar out of its primary plane. This includes the length of a Rebar Set, the out-of-plane length of a multi-planar Rebar, and the length of a spiral Rebar.   
RebarPlane| 0|  Handle controlling the location of the Rebar's primary plane. Drives location of the entire Rebar along the direction of its normal.   
StartOfBar| 1|  Handle controlling start point of the Rebar.   
Undefined| -1|  Represents an undefined handle. If this value is returned, then the handle cannot find its type.   
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)