# ContourSetting.AddContourRange Method

---  
Add a set of contours as a contour setting item to the current contour setting. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public ContourSettingItem AddContourRange(
    	double start,
    	double stop,
    	double step,
    	ElementId subcategoryId
    )
    
    Public Function AddContourRange ( 
    	start As Double,
    	stop As Double,
    	step As Double,
    	subcategoryId As ElementId
    ) As ContourSettingItem
    
    public:
    ContourSettingItem^ AddContourRange(
    	double start, 
    	double stop, 
    	double step, 
    	ElementId^ subcategoryId
    )
    
    member AddContourRange : 
            start : float * 
            stop : float * 
            step : float * 
            subcategoryId : ElementId -> ContourSettingItem 
#### Parameters
start Double
     The contour range start elevation. 
stop Double
     The contour range stop elevation. Should be greater than start elevation. 
step Double
     The increment elevation of the contour range. Should be greater than zero. 
subcategoryId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The contour line style subcategory id. 
#### Return Value
[ContourSettingItem](00e30bf2-47ec-6c3b-93a0-32fb70b6bf9c.htm) The newly added contour setting item. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The given value for start is not finite -or- The given value for stop is not finite -or- The given value for step is not finite -or- The input subcategory id is not valid.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The input contour spacing information is not valid.   
#### Reference
[ContourSetting Class](273ba072-c140-14c8-3000-24bac8337dd2.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)