# ViewCropRegionShapeManager.SplitRegionHorizontally Method

---  
Splits horizontally one region in split crop. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SplitRegionHorizontally(
    	int regionIndex,
    	double leftPart,
    	double rightPart
    )
    
    Public Sub SplitRegionHorizontally ( 
    	regionIndex As Integer,
    	leftPart As Double,
    	rightPart As Double
    )
    
    public:
    void SplitRegionHorizontally(
    	int regionIndex, 
    	double leftPart, 
    	double rightPart
    )
    
    member SplitRegionHorizontally : 
            regionIndex : int * 
            leftPart : float * 
            rightPart : float -> unit 
#### Parameters
regionIndex Int32
     Index of region to be split horizontally (numbering starts with 0). 
leftPart Double
     Relative portion of the original region to become the new left region (0 to 1). 
rightPart Double
     Relative portion of the original region to become the new right region (0 to 1). 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The provided view region proportions are not valid. -or- The provided region index is invalid.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The crop of the associated view is not permitted to have multiple regions. -or- The view has non-rectangular crop shape set. -or- The view crop is already split vertically.   
This function splits the crop into two regions: one occupying the left quarter of the crop, and the other the right quarter of the crop. 
#### Reference
[ViewCropRegionShapeManager Class](2610cb66-5dae-9fc8-4e83-7dfe88085abb.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)