# AdaptiveComponentInstanceUtils.MoveAdaptiveComponentInstance Method

---  
Moves Adaptive Component Instance by the specified transformation. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static void MoveAdaptiveComponentInstance(
    	FamilyInstance famInst,
    	Transform trf,
    	bool unHost
    )
    
    Public Shared Sub MoveAdaptiveComponentInstance ( 
    	famInst As FamilyInstance,
    	trf As Transform,
    	unHost As Boolean
    )
    
    public:
    static void MoveAdaptiveComponentInstance(
    	FamilyInstance^ famInst, 
    	Transform^ trf, 
    	bool unHost
    )
    
    static member MoveAdaptiveComponentInstance : 
            famInst : FamilyInstance * 
            trf : Transform * 
            unHost : bool -> unit 
#### Parameters
famInst [FamilyInstance](0d2231f8-91e6-794f-92ae-16aad8014b27.htm)
     The FamilyInstance 
trf [Transform](58dd01c8-b3fc-7142-e4f3-c524079a282d.htm)
     The Transformation 
unHost Boolean
     True if the move should disassociate the Point Element Refs from their hosts. False if the Point Element Refs remain hosted. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentsInconsistentException](05972c68-fa6d-3a83-d720-ad84fbc4780f.htm)|  trf is not a rigid body transformation.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Unable to move the adaptive component instance.   
This method will attempt a rigid body motion of all the individual references and hence the instance itself. However if unHost parameter is 'false' and any of the instance's references are hosted to any geometry, then those references will move within the constraints. The instance then adapts to where its references are moved to. 
#### Reference
[AdaptiveComponentInstanceUtils Class](786db8ac-a051-37e4-7b4c-dbf286fe9a7c.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)