# ImportInstance.Create(Document, View, ExternalResourceReference, SKPImportOptions, LinkLoadResult) Method

---  
Creates a new instance of SKP link type from an external resource reference and loads the linked file. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ImportInstance Create(
    	Document document,
    	View DBView,
    	ExternalResourceReference resourceReference,
    	SKPImportOptions options,
    	out LinkLoadResult linkLoadResult
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	DBView As View,
    	resourceReference As ExternalResourceReference,
    	options As SKPImportOptions,
    	<OutAttribute> ByRef linkLoadResult As LinkLoadResult
    ) As ImportInstance
    
    public:
    static ImportInstance^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	View^ DBView, 
    	ExternalResourceReference^ resourceReference, 
    	SKPImportOptions^ options, 
    	[OutAttribute] LinkLoadResult^% linkLoadResult
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            DBView : View * 
            resourceReference : ExternalResourceReference * 
            options : SKPImportOptions * 
            linkLoadResult : LinkLoadResult byref -> ImportInstance 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document in which to create the SKP link. 
DBView [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
     The view into which the SKP link will be created. 
resourceReference [ExternalResourceReference](ffad9c15-8fc9-fbfd-f328-101533f4cf74.htm)
     The external resource reference describing the source of the SKP link. 
options [SKPImportOptions](79e692ab-e01d-f723-158a-1951f40aa2b6.htm)
     Various import options applicable to the SKP format. If , all options will be set to their respective default values. 
linkLoadResult [LinkLoadResult](f846bfb0-b047-9332-567f-75ae880d8359.htm)
     An object containing the results of creating and loading the SKP link. It contains the ElementId of the new created SKP link type. 
#### Return Value
[ImportInstance](85b534b8-dd6c-bc13-7c46-c803c83481e4.htm) The new instance of SKP link type created. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  document is not a project document. -or- document is in an edit mode. -or- Import is temporarily disabled. -or- The view is not printable. -or- ThisViewOnly cannot be true when importing a DWG|DGN drawing into a 3D view. -or- One or more strings describing layer selection is invalid or empty. -or- The scale is not valid as a CustomScale for use during import. -or- The server referenced by the ExternalResourceReference does not exist or does not implement IExternalResourceServer. -or- The server referenced by the ExternalResourceReference cannot support CAD links. -or- The ExternalResourceReference (resourceReference) is not in a format that is supported by its server.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
[OptionalFunctionalityNotAvailableException](0612a676-b6ba-8c37-2e28-b197438305ab.htm)|  The Material Library is missing in the installed Revit. -or- The SKP Import/Link module is not available in the installed Revit.   
This function creates a new SKP link type as well as a new instance of this SKP link type. The new instance of SKP link type is returned by this function and the element id of the new SKP link type is contained in the LinkLoadResult. 
If the given external resource reference of the SKP link is already used by an existing SKP link type, a new instance of this existing SKP link type is created and returned. The element id of the existing SKP link type is contained in the LinkLoadResult.
This function regenerates the input document.
#### Reference
[ImportInstance Class](85b534b8-dd6c-bc13-7c46-c803c83481e4.htm)
[Create Overload](ddb7b91a-482e-5cb6-edf6-913781024602.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)