# SystemZoneElementType.CreateSpaceBased Method

---  
Creates a new element type for space-based system-zone elements and adds it to the document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Mechanical](0eafd899-5912-56fd-94b1-d286156e26fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static SystemZoneElementType CreateSpaceBased(
    	Document doc,
    	string name
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreateSpaceBased ( 
    	doc As Document,
    	name As String
    ) As SystemZoneElementType
    
    public:
    static SystemZoneElementType^ CreateSpaceBased(
    	Document^ doc, 
    	String^ name
    )
    
    static member CreateSpaceBased : 
            doc : Document * 
            name : string -> SystemZoneElementType 
#### Parameters
doc [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document where the new type is created. 
name String
     The name of new type. 
#### Return Value
[SystemZoneElementType](cefd9d4f-9544-b0df-8cb4-1c112a88424d.htm) The newly created system-zone element type. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  name cannot include prohibited characters, such as "{, }, [, ], |, ;, less-than sign, greater-than sign, ?, `, ~". -or- name is an empty string. -or- This name is already used by an existing system-zone element type in the document.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements).   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[SystemZoneElementType Class](cefd9d4f-9544-b0df-8cb4-1c112a88424d.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Mechanical Namespace](0eafd899-5912-56fd-94b1-d286156e26fc.htm)