# Application.ViewExporting Event

---  
Subscribe to the ViewExporting event to be notified when Revit is just about to export a view of the document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public event EventHandler<ViewExportingEventArgs> ViewExporting
    
    Public Event ViewExporting As EventHandler(Of ViewExportingEventArgs)
    
    public:
     event EventHandler<ViewExportingEventArgs^>^ ViewExporting {
    	void add (EventHandler<ViewExportingEventArgs^>^ value);
    	void remove (EventHandler<ViewExportingEventArgs^>^ value);
    }
    
    member ViewExporting : IEvent<EventHandler<ViewExportingEventArgs>,
        ViewExportingEventArgs>
#### Value
EventHandler[ViewExportingEventArgs](46171adf-d115-9796-b6f7-7d1e27d5d3b5.htm)
This event is raised when Revit is just about to export a view of the document. It is raised only during accelerated export jobs, in which views are exported in parallel using a background process. Accelerated export only occurs when exporting to DWF formats and not combining views into a single file.
Handlers of this event are permitted to make modifications to any document (including the active document), except for documents that are currently in read-only mode. 
Event is not cancellable. The 'Cancellable' property of event's argument is always False.
The following API functions are not available for the current document during this event: 
  * All overloads of Autodesk.Revit.DB.Document.Export()
  * Autodesk.Revit.DB.Document.Print()
  * [Print](1ea1e825-8044-7a27-d9b9-ca463443c3b9.htm) and similar overloads.
  * [SubmitPrint](0c9524b7-33b5-8c76-2843-c7024f03e4d7.htm) and similar overloads.
  * [Close](da2f27b9-7255-4950-82a2-86e1432ff9f0.htm) and similar overloads.
  * [Save](8dec13b6-71f4-45d2-74e3-b109153721b5.htm) .
  * [SaveAs(String)](25c44d4a-b220-5898-b28c-a2cf6a8a8673.htm) and similar overloads.

Exception [InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm) will be thrown if any of the above methods is called during this event.
Another event [ViewExported](0a3d3bee-957a-45e0-3779-b1b924a0ce0f.htm) will be raised immediately after view exporting is finished.
#### Reference
[Application Class](94db8ea8-d2c3-5e71-8030-466bcb8e4426.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.htm)