# RebarShapeDefinitionBySegments.AddBendVariableRadius Method

---  
Specify a variable-radius bend. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void AddBendVariableRadius(
    	int vertexIndex,
    	RebarShapeVertexTurn turn,
    	RebarShapeBendAngle angle,
    	ElementId paramId,
    	bool measureIncludingBarThickness
    )
    
    Public Sub AddBendVariableRadius ( 
    	vertexIndex As Integer,
    	turn As RebarShapeVertexTurn,
    	angle As RebarShapeBendAngle,
    	paramId As ElementId,
    	measureIncludingBarThickness As Boolean
    )
    
    public:
    void AddBendVariableRadius(
    	int vertexIndex, 
    	RebarShapeVertexTurn turn, 
    	RebarShapeBendAngle angle, 
    	ElementId^ paramId, 
    	bool measureIncludingBarThickness
    )
    
    member AddBendVariableRadius : 
            vertexIndex : int * 
            turn : RebarShapeVertexTurn * 
            angle : RebarShapeBendAngle * 
            paramId : ElementId * 
            measureIncludingBarThickness : bool -> unit 
#### Parameters
vertexIndex Int32
     Index of the vertex (1 to NumberOfVertices - 2). 
turn [RebarShapeVertexTurn](a59971ec-c31f-a05e-e2d7-65882e23a21f.htm)
     Specify turn direction (RebarShapeVertexTurn::Left or RebarShapeVertexTurn::Right). 
angle [RebarShapeBendAngle](176a9649-853e-f173-c108-d6722fcd5b61.htm)
     Specify whether the bend is acute, obtuse, etc. 
paramId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Id of a parameter driving the radius. 
measureIncludingBarThickness Boolean
     If true, the radius is measured to the outside of the bend; if false, it is measured to the inside. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  vertexIndex is not between 0 and NumberOfVertices. -or- paramId is not the id of a shared parameter in the current document, or its unit type is not Reinforcement_Length, Angle or Number.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
You must add a bend between each two segments. 
#### Reference
[RebarShapeDefinitionBySegments Class](7229fdba-1e8f-6cb7-e72e-0933e495ad62.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)