# StairsLanding.CreateSketchedLanding Method

---  
Creates a customized landing between two runs by providing the closed boundary curves of the landing. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Architecture](720f0c58-cb2b-4f13-374a-7348ed0a1cd3.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static StairsLanding CreateSketchedLanding(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId stairsId,
    	CurveLoop curveLoop,
    	double baseElevation
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreateSketchedLanding ( 
    	document As Document,
    	stairsId As ElementId,
    	curveLoop As CurveLoop,
    	baseElevation As Double
    ) As StairsLanding
    
    public:
    static StairsLanding^ CreateSketchedLanding(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ stairsId, 
    	CurveLoop^ curveLoop, 
    	double baseElevation
    )
    
    static member CreateSketchedLanding : 
            document : Document * 
            stairsId : ElementId * 
            curveLoop : CurveLoop * 
            baseElevation : float -> StairsLanding 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document that owns the landing. 
stairsId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The stairs that the new sketched landing belongs to. 
curveLoop [CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.htm)
     The closed boundary curves of the new landing. 
baseElevation Double
     Base elevation of the new stairs run. The elevation has following restriction: 
  * The base elevation is relative to the base elevation of the stairs.
  * The base elevation will be rounded automatically to a multiple of the riser height. 
  * The base elevation should be equal to or greater than half of the riser height.

#### Return Value
[StairsLanding](cae109cd-bc50-6c36-300e-35d3457c0982.htm) The new sketched landing. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The element stairsId does not exist in the document -or- The stairsId is not a valid stairs element. -or- The stairs stairsId has no valid landing type. -or- The curveLoop is not closed. -or- The input curveLoop contains at least one curve which is not a bound Line or bound Arc and is not supported for this operation. -or- Failed to create curve element by the curveLoop.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  The given value for baseElevation must be no more than 30000 feet in absolute value. -or- The baseElevation is less than half of the riser height of the stairs.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The stairs element represented by stairsId is not in an active StairsEditScope. New components cannot be added to it.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
[RegenerationFailedException](787bb389-74c2-5ce7-cdd6-32211209ded2.htm)|  The curveLoop doesn't satisfy restrictions to generate sketched landing.   
The new stairs landing and the document will be regenerated. This should be run from within an open transaction. 
#### Reference
[StairsLanding Class](cae109cd-bc50-6c36-300e-35d3457c0982.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Architecture Namespace](720f0c58-cb2b-4f13-374a-7348ed0a1cd3.htm)