# TableViewUIUtils.TestCellAndPromptToEditTypeParameter Method

---  
Prompts the end-user to control whether a type parameter contained in the specified table cell should be allowed edited. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.UI](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPIUI (in RevitAPIUI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool TestCellAndPromptToEditTypeParameter(
    	TableView tableView,
    	SectionType sectionType,
    	int row,
    	int column
    )
    
    Public Shared Function TestCellAndPromptToEditTypeParameter ( 
    	tableView As TableView,
    	sectionType As SectionType,
    	row As Integer,
    	column As Integer
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool TestCellAndPromptToEditTypeParameter(
    	TableView^ tableView, 
    	SectionType sectionType, 
    	int row, 
    	int column
    )
    
    static member TestCellAndPromptToEditTypeParameter : 
            tableView : TableView * 
            sectionType : SectionType * 
            row : int * 
            column : int -> bool 
#### Parameters
tableView [TableView](ba608411-21af-e924-2aa2-3595548ab39f.htm)
     The table view. 
sectionType [SectionType](ad9a6cf0-aa1a-d011-b399-658345721aab.htm)
     The section the row lies in. 
row Int32
     The row index in the section. 
column Int32
     The column index in the section. 
#### Return Value
Boolean Returns true if editing the cell is allowed; otherwise false. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  The given row number row is invalid. -or- The given column number column is invalid. -or- A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
If the specified cell contains an instance parameter, the method automatically returns true without prompting the user. For type parameters, a task dialog will be shown and the user's choice will be returned. 
#### Reference
[TableViewUIUtils Class](fa8b5de3-34e7-aa77-d2ae-9862d6ec772d.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.htm)