# RevitLinkType.Create(Document, ModelPath, RevitLinkOptions) Method

---  
Creates a new Revit link type and loads the linked document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static LinkLoadResult Create(
    	Document document,
    	ModelPath path,
    	RevitLinkOptions options
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	path As ModelPath,
    	options As RevitLinkOptions
    ) As LinkLoadResult
    
    public:
    static LinkLoadResult^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ModelPath^ path, 
    	RevitLinkOptions^ options
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            path : ModelPath * 
            options : RevitLinkOptions -> LinkLoadResult 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document in which to create the Revit link. 
path [ModelPath](40a84c72-e4b8-72ac-2f71-3216c66a11b3.htm)
     The path of the link to load. This may be a path of local disk, Revit Server or Cloud. This must be a full path. 
options [RevitLinkOptions](3f710983-5a4d-d515-a633-12b06a419b30.htm)
     An options class for loading Revit links. 
#### Return Value
[LinkLoadResult](f846bfb0-b047-9332-567f-75ae880d8359.htm) An object containing the results of creating and loading the Revit link type. It contains the ElementId of the new link. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  document is not a project document. -or- Server paths cannot be relative. -or- document already contains a linked model at path path. -or- The path to be linked in is empty. -or- The input path "path" does not represent a Revit model.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[FileAccessException](187d56d7-0b37-699f-2abd-6ddebfa93f1e.htm)|  The model cannot be accessed due to lack of access privileges.   
[FileNotFoundException](73250198-dbc6-e760-4297-ec062f00f574.htm)|  The path to be linked in doesn't exist.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The model is not allowed to access. -or- Revit cannot customize worksets for this model. -or- Revit cannot link a cloud model to non-cloud model.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
[RevitServerInternalException](6dcd093c-d643-07cd-535f-36ffa9d2db52.htm)|  Could be for any of the reasons that failed on service side.   
[RevitServerUnauthenticatedUserException](b9b68e56-c767-4680-a65b-73d268ee8860.htm)|  User is not signed in with Autodesk id.   
[RevitServerUnauthorizedException](9e8c1efc-8719-fe01-f311-cfade7b177ed.htm)|  User is not authorized to access the specified cloud model.   
This function regenerates the input document. While the options argument allows specification of a path type, the input path argument must be a full path. Relative vs. absolute determines how Revit will store the path, but it needs a complete path to find the linked document initially. 
#### Reference
[RevitLinkType Class](2204a5ab-6476-df41-116d-23dbe3cb5407.htm)
[Create Overload](4cdb6058-0ae0-d584-24f7-52b72af617bc.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)