# ImageInstance.Create Method

---  
Creates a new ImageInstance element placed in a view. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ImageInstance Create(
    	Document document,
    	View view,
    	ElementId imageTypeId,
    	ImagePlacementOptions placementOptions
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	view As View,
    	imageTypeId As ElementId,
    	placementOptions As ImagePlacementOptions
    ) As ImageInstance
    
    public:
    static ImageInstance^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	View^ view, 
    	ElementId^ imageTypeId, 
    	ImagePlacementOptions^ placementOptions
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            view : View * 
            imageTypeId : ElementId * 
            placementOptions : ImagePlacementOptions -> ImageInstance 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
view [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
     The view in which the image will be placed. 
imageTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the [ImageType](c6213f81-8dc8-158e-0522-70f87e9bdbb9.htm) element for this ImageInstance. 
placementOptions [ImagePlacementOptions](20d793a0-4309-dac8-1e43-61d275237887.htm)
     Options that specify where the ImageInstance should be placed. 
#### Return Value
[ImageInstance](ff77d6c8-a94a-067a-cd95-4f2cd3ec8dcc.htm) The new ImageInstance. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The given view cannot contain ImageInstance elements -or- The given imageTypeId can not be used as a ImageType for ImageInstance elements -or- The given placementOptions specify a location that is more than 10 miles from the origin of the model.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[ImageInstance Class](ff77d6c8-a94a-067a-cd95-4f2cd3ec8dcc.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)