# FailureDefinition.AddResolutionType Method

---  
Adds a type of possible resolution for the failure. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public FailureDefinition AddResolutionType(
    	FailureResolutionType type,
    	string caption,
    	Type classOfResolution
    )
    
    Public Function AddResolutionType ( 
    	type As FailureResolutionType,
    	caption As String,
    	classOfResolution As Type
    ) As FailureDefinition
    
    public:
    FailureDefinition^ AddResolutionType(
    	FailureResolutionType type, 
    	String^ caption, 
    	Type^ classOfResolution
    )
    
    member AddResolutionType : 
            type : FailureResolutionType * 
            caption : string * 
            classOfResolution : Type -> FailureDefinition 
#### Parameters
type [FailureResolutionType](786e6422-f66d-5320-99f9-e530819e50a1.htm)
     Type of the resolution to add. The type of resolution can be used only once for the FailureDefinition. 
caption String
     A simple description of the resolution. 
classOfResolution Type
     The runtime class of the resolution. Used to ensure that the actual FailureResoution object added to the instance of FailureMessage belongs to an applicable class. 
#### Return Value
[FailureDefinition](b0c061b0-d712-0c41-6054-b8ce8f996256.htm) The FailureDefinition. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The type has already been added as a resolution to the FailureDefinition. -or- The input classOfResolution is not a subclass of FailureResolution.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
In order to inform Revit what failure resolutions can be possibly used with a given failure, a FailureDefinition must contain a full list of resolution types applicable to the failure, including user-visible caption and runtime class of the resolution. The number of resolutions is not limited. The first added resolution becomes the default resolution. 
#### Reference
[FailureDefinition Class](b0c061b0-d712-0c41-6054-b8ce8f996256.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)