# Viewport.Create Method

---  
Creates a new Viewport at a given location on a sheet. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static Viewport Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId viewSheetId,
    	ElementId viewId,
    	XYZ point
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	viewSheetId As ElementId,
    	viewId As ElementId,
    	point As XYZ
    ) As Viewport
    
    public:
    static Viewport^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ viewSheetId, 
    	ElementId^ viewId, 
    	XYZ^ point
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            viewSheetId : ElementId * 
            viewId : ElementId * 
            point : XYZ -> Viewport 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document to which the new Viewport will be added. 
viewSheetId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The ViewSheet on which the new Viewport will be placed. 
viewId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The view shown in the Viewport. 
point [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The new Viewport will be centered on this point. 
#### Return Value
[Viewport](5991dc40-234a-4835-cc06-07524d2e61a4.htm) The new Viewport. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  viewSheetId is not a ViewSheet. -or- viewId cannot be added to the ViewSheet. -or- Plan view creation is not allowed in this family.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ForbiddenForDynamicUpdateException](c5b911f6-1e8f-2cd4-6965-286f41221fe0.htm)|  This method may not be called during dynamic update.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
Use [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::ScheduleSheetInstance::Create()] to add schedules to sheets. 
#### Reference
[Viewport Class](5991dc40-234a-4835-cc06-07524d2e61a4.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)