# ScheduleDefinition.IsItemized Property

---  
Indicates if the schedule displays each element on a separate row or combines multiple grouped elements onto the same row. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public bool IsItemized { get; set; }
    
    Public Property IsItemized As Boolean
    	Get
    	Set
    
    public:
    property bool IsItemized {
    	bool get ();
    	void set (bool value);
    }
    
    member IsItemized : bool with get, set
#### Property Value
Boolean True if the schedule displays each element on a separate row. False if multiple grouped elements are combined on the same row. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  When setting this property: This ScheduleDefinition is a key schedule.   
In an itemized schedule, each scheduled element is displayed on a separate row.
In a non-itemized schedule, elements that are grouped together according to the schedule's grouping criteria are combined onto a single row. For example, if a schedule is grouped by Level and Type, elements having the same Level and Type will appear on the same row. In non-itemized schedules, the Count field can be used to display the number of elements on the row, and totaled fields will display the sum of the values from all elements on the row. If a field is not totaled and the elements on the row have different values for the field, an empty cell will be displayed.
#### Reference
[ScheduleDefinition Class](420696e3-f3ec-1a1d-1205-36a8119d81e5.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)