# Transaction.Start Method

---  
Starts the transaction. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public TransactionStatus Start()
    
    Public Function Start As TransactionStatus
    
    public:
    TransactionStatus Start()
    
    member Start : unit -> TransactionStatus 
#### Return Value
[TransactionStatus](29b9a7a8-6754-8310-e063-622b569bb6d5.htm) If finished successfully, this method returns TransactionStatus.Started. Note that unless starting is successful, changes cannot be made to the document. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Cannot modify the document for either a read-only external command is being executed, or changes to the document are temporarily disabled. -or- The transaction's document is currently in failure mode. No transaction operations are permitted until failure handling is finished. -or- The transaction started already and has not been completed yet. -or- Starting a new transaction is not permitted. It could be because another transaction already started and has not been completed yet, or the document is in a state in which it cannot start a new transaction (e.g. during failure handling or a read-only mode, which could be either permanent or temporary). -or- The transaction does not have a valid name assigned yet.   
A transaction may be started only after it was instantiated or after it was previously committed or rolled back. In order to start a transaction, it must have a name assigned. If the name was not specified when the transaction object was instantiated, it has to be set by calling the [SetName(String)](c0283e7f-d261-6016-724c-31ae5cde96a7.htm) method.
Be aware that every time a transaction starts, [Failure Handling Options](c03bb2e5-f679-bf24-4e87-08b3c3a08385.htm) will be reset to their default values. If a specific failure handling is required, programmers need to use [SetFailureHandlingOptions(FailureHandlingOptions)](1e913cca-f75b-8dfb-b172-5a04f3732b85.htm) before the transaction is committed or rolled back.
#### Reference
[Transaction Class](308ebf8d-d96d-4643-cd1d-34fffcea53fd.htm)
[Start Overload](1c9a7d0c-d4c6-772e-ae19-98d60996d1fb.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)