# View.SetColorFillSchemeId Method

---  
Applies color fill scheme to this view. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetColorFillSchemeId(
    	ElementId categoryId,
    	ElementId schemeId
    )
    
    Public Sub SetColorFillSchemeId ( 
    	categoryId As ElementId,
    	schemeId As ElementId
    )
    
    public:
    void SetColorFillSchemeId(
    	ElementId^ categoryId, 
    	ElementId^ schemeId
    )
    
    member SetColorFillSchemeId : 
            categoryId : ElementId * 
            schemeId : ElementId -> unit 
#### Parameters
categoryId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of category to apply a color fill scheme element. 
schemeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the color fill scheme element. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The schemeId can not be applied as the scheme id of categoryId in this view.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
There could be at most three [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::ColorFillScheme] applied in a view: one for spatial elements (rooms, zones, spaces and areas), one for pipes and one for ducts.
Notes:
  * There's at most one scheme activated for all spatial categories.
  * For area plan view, the activated spatial scheme category must be OST_Areas and has the same [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::AreaScheme] with this view if it is not used as a template.
  * To clear one of the above three schemes, use InvalidElementId as the parameter of this function.
  * To get list of element categories supportted to be colored in this view, use [SupportedColorFillCategoryIds](84197491-81de-0713-06bf-fa7073419485.htm).
  * To check whether an specified ElementId could be applied to this view, use [CanApplyColorFillScheme(ElementId, ElementId)](79a38981-645b-919d-032e-bf36d47e11f1.htm).

#### Reference
[View Class](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)