# AnalyticalPanel.Create(Document, Curve, XYZ) Method

---  
Creates a new instance of an Analytical Panel within the project. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static AnalyticalPanel Create(
    	Document document,
    	Curve profile,
    	XYZ normal
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	profile As Curve,
    	normal As XYZ
    ) As AnalyticalPanel
    
    public:
    static AnalyticalPanel^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	Curve^ profile, 
    	XYZ^ normal
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            profile : Curve * 
            normal : XYZ -> AnalyticalPanel 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     Revit document. 
profile [Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.htm)
     Curve which represents the profile of the Analytical Panel. 
normal [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     Normal used for the extrusion of the profile. 
#### Return Value
[AnalyticalPanel](b88181d3-743b-8cca-8fb3-0cc13e5d70aa.htm) The newly created AnalyticalPanel instance. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The profile argument is not valid for analytical panel creation. -or- The input profile is not bound. -or- The normal argument is not valid for analytical panel creation.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Failed to create the analytical panel.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
Profile can be a line, an arc or an ellipse. In case of arcs and ellipses, the normal should be perpendicular to the profile plane. 
#### Reference
[AnalyticalPanel Class](b88181d3-743b-8cca-8fb3-0cc13e5d70aa.htm)
[Create Overload](6091562c-c40f-b6ea-962a-4b5bdc21b875.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)