# RebarFreeFormAccessor.GetEndTreatmentTypeIdAtIndex Method

---  
Gets the id of the EndTreatmentType that is applied to the bar with index barPositionIndex at the specified end. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public ElementId GetEndTreatmentTypeIdAtIndex(
    	int barPositionIndex,
    	int end
    )
    
    Public Function GetEndTreatmentTypeIdAtIndex ( 
    	barPositionIndex As Integer,
    	end As Integer
    ) As ElementId
    
    public:
    ElementId^ GetEndTreatmentTypeIdAtIndex(
    	int barPositionIndex, 
    	int end
    )
    
    member GetEndTreatmentTypeIdAtIndex : 
            barPositionIndex : int * 
            end : int -> ElementId 
#### Parameters
barPositionIndex Int32
     An index between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1). 
end Int32
     0 for the start hook, 1 for the end hook. 
#### Return Value
[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm) Returns the the id of the EndTreatmentType at the specified end. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  end must be 0 or 1. -or- barPositionIndex is not in the range [ 0, NumberOfBarPositions-1 ].   
If this Rebar has Workshop Instructions set to Straight will return the same value for all barPositionIndex between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1). This value will be the same as Rebar.GetEndTreatmentTypeId(int end).
If this Rebar has Workshop Instructions set to Bent there are different cases: 
  * All bars are matched exactly with a shape. In this case will return the same value for all barPositionIndex between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1). This value will be the same as Rebar.GetEndTreatmentTypeId(int end).
  * All bars are matched in reversed order with a shape. In this case will return the same value for all barPositionIndex between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1). This value will be the same as Rebar.GetEndTreatmentTypeId(int end).
  * Some bars are matched in reversed order and the others are matched exactly with a shape. In this case for bars that are matched reversed will return the id of the EndTreatmentType at the opposite end. For the others bars will return the same as Rebar.GetEndTreatmentTypeId(int end).

#### Reference
[RebarFreeFormAccessor Class](bf146aa3-f780-646e-c3cd-42e7a61d18e6.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)