# RebarShapeDefinition.CheckDefaultParameterValues Method

---  
Check that the shape can be solved with the default parameter values. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public bool CheckDefaultParameterValues(
    	double bendRadius,
    	double barDiameter
    )
    
    Public Function CheckDefaultParameterValues ( 
    	bendRadius As Double,
    	barDiameter As Double
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    bool CheckDefaultParameterValues(
    	double bendRadius, 
    	double barDiameter
    )
    
    member CheckDefaultParameterValues : 
            bendRadius : float * 
            barDiameter : float -> bool 
#### Parameters
bendRadius Double
     A value for the Bend Radius parameter. Zero is allowed. 
barDiameter Double
     A value for the Bar Diameter parameter. Zero is allowed. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if the rebar can be solved with the default parameter values and the given bend radius and bar diameter; false if it cannot. 
This function runs the rebar solver with the default parameter values. If it fails (returns false), rebar instances of this shape will not work. This may be from the default parameters being inconsistent, or from some error in the shape definition. The solver requires a specific bend radius and bar diameter, and the result depends on these values, but in practice they usually do not affect the result of this function as long as they are small. It is legal to pass 0.0 for both arguments. The definition must be Complete in order for this function to succeed. 
#### Reference
[RebarShapeDefinition Class](bb1f59be-c95e-a45b-8d2b-8121df179676.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)