# PipeInsulation.Create Method

---  
Creates a new instance of pipe insulation. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Plumbing](cc553597-37c2-fcd9-6025-d904c129c80a.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static PipeInsulation Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId pipeOrContentElementId,
    	ElementId pipeInsulationTypeId,
    	double Thickness
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	pipeOrContentElementId As ElementId,
    	pipeInsulationTypeId As ElementId,
    	Thickness As Double
    ) As PipeInsulation
    
    public:
    static PipeInsulation^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ pipeOrContentElementId, 
    	ElementId^ pipeInsulationTypeId, 
    	double Thickness
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            pipeOrContentElementId : ElementId * 
            pipeInsulationTypeId : ElementId * 
            Thickness : float -> PipeInsulation 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
pipeOrContentElementId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The pipe, fitting, accessory ElementId to which insulation will be added. 
pipeInsulationTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The pipe insulation type. If the input pipe insulation type is InvalidElementId, the default insulation type from the document will be used. 
Thickness Double
     The thickness of the insulation. 
#### Return Value
[PipeInsulation](b1abf676-85e4-268f-d3c9-6c6288c074d4.htm) The newly created pipe insulation. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  This id does not represent a pipe, fitting, or accessory element. -or- This pipe insulation type is invalid. -or- Thickness is not valid for assignment to insulation or lining elements.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements).   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[PipeInsulation Class](b1abf676-85e4-268f-d3c9-6c6288c074d4.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Plumbing Namespace](cc553597-37c2-fcd9-6025-d904c129c80a.htm)