# RebarShapeDefinitionBySegments.SetSegmentAs180DegreeBend(Int32, ElementId, Boolean) Method

---  
Indicate that a segment is a "virtual" segment introduced to describe a 180-degree bend. The radius of the bend will be driven by radiusParam. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetSegmentAs180DegreeBend(
    	int iSegment,
    	ElementId paramId,
    	bool measureToOutsideOfBend
    )
    
    Public Sub SetSegmentAs180DegreeBend ( 
    	iSegment As Integer,
    	paramId As ElementId,
    	measureToOutsideOfBend As Boolean
    )
    
    public:
    void SetSegmentAs180DegreeBend(
    	int iSegment, 
    	ElementId^ paramId, 
    	bool measureToOutsideOfBend
    )
    
    member SetSegmentAs180DegreeBend : 
            iSegment : int * 
            paramId : ElementId * 
            measureToOutsideOfBend : bool -> unit 
#### Parameters
iSegment Int32
     Index of the segment (0 to NumberOfSegments - 1). 
paramId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Id of a parameter to drive the radius. To obtain the id of a shared parameter, call RebarShape.GetElementIdForExternalDefinition(). 
measureToOutsideOfBend Boolean
     Choose between two possibilities for the references of the radius dimension. If true, measure to the exterior face of the bar. If false, measure to the interior face. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  iSegment is not between 0 and NumberOfSegments. -or- paramId is not the id of a shared parameter in the current document, or its unit type is not Reinforcement_Length, Angle or Number.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
#### Reference
[RebarShapeDefinitionBySegments Class](7229fdba-1e8f-6cb7-e72e-0933e495ad62.htm)
[SetSegmentAs180DegreeBend Overload](2144f300-4c4e-bda2-13ea-7ea4b5adf1c6.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)