# Application.OpenDocumentFile(String) Method

---  
Opens a document from disk. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public Document OpenDocumentFile(
    	string fileName
    )
    
    Public Function OpenDocumentFile ( 
    	fileName As String
    ) As Document
    
    public:
    Document^ OpenDocumentFile(
    	String^ fileName
    )
    
    member OpenDocumentFile : 
            fileName : string -> Document 
#### Parameters
fileName String
     The file to be opened. 
#### Return Value
[Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm) The opened document. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The fileName to be opened is empty.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[CannotOpenBothCentralAndLocalException](13aac793-10be-9bed-90d8-5474a05f0fea.htm)|  Cannot open the local model and the central model in the same Revit session. You can close one to open the other in the same Revit session.   
[CentralModelException](0e2ac15f-ca64-42c3-b3ef-e6f7ca1cb59a.htm)|  Revit encountered serious errors while trying to open the central model.   
[CorruptModelException](b1a877a7-6c68-c0e4-25c9-005ee153bc60.htm)|  There are too many corrupt elements to open this model.   
[FileAccessException](187d56d7-0b37-699f-2abd-6ddebfa93f1e.htm)|  File cannot be opened in Revit LT because it was last saved in a version of Revit prior to 8.1. -or- File has an invalid extension. Try changing the file's extension and opening it again.   
[FileNotFoundException](73250198-dbc6-e760-4297-ec062f00f574.htm)|  The fileName to be opened doesn't exist. -or- File Not Found   
[InsufficientResourcesException](658e57bc-6929-4883-d245-dcd832fed696.htm)|  This computer does not have enough memory, disk space, or other necessary resource to open the model.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Open is temporarily disabled. -or- The document can not be opened.   
[OperationCanceledException](aea34480-ceb5-b49f-129d-0799e7bb1c21.htm)|  Opening was canceled by the user or by an API event callback.   
This method opens the document into memory but does not make it visible to the user in any way. 
#### Reference
[Application Class](94db8ea8-d2c3-5e71-8030-466bcb8e4426.htm)
[OpenDocumentFile Overload](11420983-6d0d-0022-e24c-2361c4e42fba.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.htm)