# ModifierType Enumeration

---  
An enumerated type listing options to appear in the exported layer name. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum ModifierType
    
    Public Enumeration ModifierType
    
    public enum class ModifierType
    
    type ModifierType
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
AnalyzesAs| 17|  Signals that the value of the AnalyzesAs parameter will appear in the layer name.   
Category| 0|  Signals that the name of the category will appear in the layer name.   
Custom1| 1|  Signals that the first custom string will appear in the layer name.   
Custom2| 2|  Signals that the second custom string will appear in the layer name.   
Custom3| 3|  Signals that the third custom string will appear in the layer name.   
DomainType| 19|  Signals that the domain type will appear in the layer name.   
FabricationService| 20|  Signals that the fabrication service will appear in the layer name.   
FireRating| 4|  Signals that the value of fire rating will appear in the layer name.   
Function| 5|  Signals that the value of function will appear in the layer name.   
Level| 6|  Signals that the name of the level will appear in the layer name.   
PhaseCreated| 7|  Signals that the name of the created phase will appear in the layer name.   
PhaseDemolished| 8|  Signals that the name of the demolition phase will appear in the layer name.   
PhaseStatus| 9|  Signals that the value of of phase status will appear in the layer name.   
StructuralMaterialType| 10|  Signals that the value of structural material type will appear in the layer name.   
StructuralUsage| 11|  Signals that the value of structural usage will appear in the layer name.   
SystemClassification| 18|  Signals that the system classification will appear in the layer name.   
SystemName| 12|  Signals that the system name will appear in the layer name.   
SystemType| 13|  Signals that the system type will appear in the layer name.   
Underlay| 14|  Signals that the name of the underlay will appear in the layer name.   
UnknownType| -1|  An unknown (default) type of modifier, not acceptable for assignment.   
ViewType| 15|  Signals that the view type will appear in the layer name.   
Workset| 16|  Signals that the name of the workset will appear in the layer name.   
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)