# Document.Import(String, AXMImportOptions, View) Method

---  
Imports an AXM file into the document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public ElementId Import(
    	string file,
    	AXMImportOptions options,
    	View pDBView
    )
    
    Public Function Import ( 
    	file As String,
    	options As AXMImportOptions,
    	pDBView As View
    ) As ElementId
    
    public:
    ElementId^ Import(
    	String^ file, 
    	AXMImportOptions^ options, 
    	View^ pDBView
    )
    
    member Import : 
            file : string * 
            options : AXMImportOptions * 
            pDBView : View -> ElementId 
#### Parameters
file String
     Full path of the file to import. File must exist and must be a valid AXM file. 
options [AXMImportOptions](fa5c85e0-25ea-cc04-2b97-48a3fa989cfc.htm)
     Various import options applicable to the AXM format. If , all options will be set to their respective default values. Import FormIt support Preserve color mode, center-to-center and origin-to-origin placement, other options are not supported. Import FormIt does not support orient to view and this view only option. 
pDBView [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
     View used to aid placement of the imported file. If the options specify center-to-center placement, this argument is required and the imported file will be placed in the center of the specified view. Otherwise, this view is used to obtain a base level to associate with the imported file. If not specified, an existing view will be chosen instead and may open a view or associate the imported file to an arbitrary level. 
#### Return Value
[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm) Returns the element Id of the imported instance. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Not a valid file for AXM import (.axm files are valid). -or- The provided view is not valid for the options provided. -or- Visible layer only option is not false or layers are specified in SetLayerSelection. -or- Import levels is only supported in project document or conceptual mass document for AXM import. -or- Not all AXM import option settings are valid. For more details, please refer to AXMImportOptions. -or- The scale is not valid as a CustomScale for use during import. -or- NullOrEmpty -or- The view is not printable.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[FileArgumentNotFoundException](ca9ccaa9-ed08-d40d-31a7-1af3ad2dcb84.htm)|  The given file does not exist.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Import is temporarily disabled.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
[OptionalFunctionalityNotAvailableException](0612a676-b6ba-8c37-2e28-b197438305ab.htm)|  The Material Library is missing in the installed Revit. -or- The AXM Import/Link module is not available in the installed Revit.   
#### Reference
[Document Class](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
[Import Overload](05c3dbe2-fe7e-c293-761d-b11f356a011b.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)