# ReferencePoint.SetCoordinateSystem Method

---  
The position and orientation of the ReferencePoint.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetCoordinateSystem(
    	Transform coordinateSystem
    )
    
    Public Sub SetCoordinateSystem ( 
    	coordinateSystem As Transform
    )
    
    public:
    void SetCoordinateSystem(
    	Transform^ coordinateSystem
    )
    
    member SetCoordinateSystem : 
            coordinateSystem : Transform -> unit 
#### Parameters
coordinateSystem [Transform](58dd01c8-b3fc-7142-e4f3-c524079a282d.htm)
    
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when coordinateSystem does not specify an orthonormal basis.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when CoordinateSystem is set while the Reference property is not , and the ReferencePoint is unable to move to the new location.   
The position of the point is given by CoordinateSystem.Origin, and the orientation is specified by the three unit vectors CoordinateSystem.BasisX, BasisY, BasisZ. The basis vectors must be unit length and mutually perpendicular. Whenever the Reference property is not , changing the CoordinateSystem property has a compound effect. First the point is moved to the specified location. Then the point is moved to conform to its Reference, by the shortest possible distance.
#### Reference
[ReferencePoint Class](b4b9baeb-2ec5-a2e1-1420-37f593d36aa4.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)