# WorksharingUtils.GetUserWorksetInfo Method

---  
Gets information about user worksets in a workshared model file, without fully opening the file. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static IList<WorksetPreview> GetUserWorksetInfo(
    	ModelPath path
    )
    
    Public Shared Function GetUserWorksetInfo ( 
    	path As ModelPath
    ) As IList(Of WorksetPreview)
    
    public:
    static IList<WorksetPreview^>^ GetUserWorksetInfo(
    	ModelPath^ path
    )
    
    static member GetUserWorksetInfo : 
            path : ModelPath -> IList<WorksetPreview> 
#### Parameters
path [ModelPath](40a84c72-e4b8-72ac-2f71-3216c66a11b3.htm)
     The path to the workshared model. 
#### Return Value
IList[WorksetPreview](5091902c-a286-eb9e-d65b-3d421d741c69.htm) Information about all the user worksets in the model. The list is sorted by workset id. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[CentralModelAccessDeniedException](3e38b7b1-1ee8-c7f0-6cdd-bacf67bf61f4.htm)|  Access to the central model was denied due to lack of access privileges. -or- Access to the central model was denied. A possible reason is because the model was under maintenance.   
[CentralModelContentionException](ad511076-c435-23c1-5720-1205c4ed28b9.htm)|  The central model are locked by another client.   
[CentralModelException](0e2ac15f-ca64-42c3-b3ef-e6f7ca1cb59a.htm)|  The central model is missing. -or- The central model is corrupt or not an RVT file. -or- The model is not workshared. -or- The central model is overwritten by other user. -or- An internal error happened on the central model, please contact the server administrator.   
[FileAccessException](187d56d7-0b37-699f-2abd-6ddebfa93f1e.htm)|  The model could not be accessed due to lack of access privileges.   
[FileArgumentNotFoundException](ca9ccaa9-ed08-d40d-31a7-1af3ad2dcb84.htm)|  The Revit model specified by path doesn't exist.   
[FileNotFoundException](73250198-dbc6-e760-4297-ec062f00f574.htm)|  The model could not be found at the specified path.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This functionality is not available in Revit LT.   
[RevitServerCommunicationException](a0003d89-0113-6623-65da-0db5c568bfb6.htm)|  The server-based central model could not be accessed because of a network communication error.   
[RevitServerInternalException](6dcd093c-d643-07cd-535f-36ffa9d2db52.htm)|  An internal error happened on the server, please contact the server administrator.   
This method provides a preview of the user worksets available in a file, allowing an application to look up the necessary workset ids and information to properly fill out a WorksetConfiguration structure before opening or linking to this model. 
#### Reference
[WorksharingUtils Class](ae7857a0-4e9b-f9c1-84c7-8b250af68068.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)