# Document.Export(String, String, NavisworksExportOptions) Method

---  
Exports a Revit project to the Navisworks .nwc format. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void Export(
    	string folder,
    	string name,
    	NavisworksExportOptions options
    )
    
    Public Sub Export ( 
    	folder As String,
    	name As String,
    	options As NavisworksExportOptions
    )
    
    public:
    void Export(
    	String^ folder, 
    	String^ name, 
    	NavisworksExportOptions^ options
    )
    
    member Export : 
            folder : string * 
            name : string * 
            options : NavisworksExportOptions -> unit 
#### Parameters
folder String
     The name of the folder for the exported file. 
name String
     The name of the exported file. If it doesn't end in '.nwc', this extension will be added automatically. 
options [NavisworksExportOptions](a58dbe71-1be7-dad6-51b6-5386c162cf87.htm)
     Options which control the contents of the export. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  NullOrEmpty -or- Contains invalid characters. -or- The input options were not valid. Check the exception message for specific details.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Export is temporarily disabled. -or- Exporting is not allowed in the current application mode.   
[InvalidPathArgumentException](3f3c93a6-008b-f9de-40d4-5cd99bb32b34.htm)|  The folder does not exist.   
[OperationCanceledException](aea34480-ceb5-b49f-129d-0799e7bb1c21.htm)|  The export operation is cancelled in event handler.   
[OptionalFunctionalityNotAvailableException](0612a676-b6ba-8c37-2e28-b197438305ab.htm)|  A Navisworks Exporter is not available in the installed Revit.   
This is an optional functionality that does not have to be installed. The method "OptionalFunctionalityUtils.isNavisworksExporterAvailable()" can be called to check if the exporter is present. 
#### Reference
[Document Class](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
[Export Overload](2f535342-ee41-86f9-0022-92ba1f65112d.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)