# RebarFreeFormAccessor.SetHookOrientationAngle Method

---  
**Note: This API is now obsolete.**
Set the termination's rotation angle at end. The angle will be used for both hook and crank. Will throw exception if the rebar has valid constraints. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    [ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use Rebar.SetTerminationRotationAngle instead.")]
    public void SetHookOrientationAngle(
    	int end,
    	double angle
    )
    
    <ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use Rebar.SetTerminationRotationAngle instead.")>
    Public Sub SetHookOrientationAngle ( 
    	end As Integer,
    	angle As Double
    )
    
    public:
    [ObsoleteAttribute(L"This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use Rebar.SetTerminationRotationAngle instead.")]
    void SetHookOrientationAngle(
    	int end, 
    	double angle
    )
    
    [<ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use Rebar.SetTerminationRotationAngle instead.")>]
    member SetHookOrientationAngle : 
            end : int * 
            angle : float -> unit 
#### Parameters
end Int32
     The end of bar. Should be 0 for start or 1 for end. 
angle Double
     The termination's rotation angle at end. The angle will be used for both hook and crank. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The given value for angle is not finite   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  Invalid end.   
#### Reference
[RebarFreeFormAccessor Class](bf146aa3-f780-646e-c3cd-42e7a61d18e6.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)