# FamilyItemFactory.NewRadialDimension(View, Reference, XYZ, DimensionType) Method

---  
Generate a new radial dimension object using a specified dimension type.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public Dimension NewRadialDimension(
    	View view,
    	Reference arcRef,
    	XYZ origin,
    	DimensionType dimensionType
    )
    
    Public Function NewRadialDimension ( 
    	view As View,
    	arcRef As Reference,
    	origin As XYZ,
    	dimensionType As DimensionType
    ) As Dimension
    
    public:
    Dimension^ NewRadialDimension(
    	View^ view, 
    	Reference^ arcRef, 
    	XYZ^ origin, 
    	DimensionType^ dimensionType
    )
    
    member NewRadialDimension : 
            view : View * 
            arcRef : Reference * 
            origin : XYZ * 
            dimensionType : DimensionType -> Dimension 
#### Parameters
view [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
     The view in which the dimension is to be visible. 
arcRef [Reference](d28155ae-817b-1f31-9c3f-c9c6a28acc0d.htm)
     Geometric reference of the arc to which the dimension is to be bound. 
origin [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The point where the witness line of the radial dimension will lie. 
dimensionType [DimensionType](a6f6655d-3383-a0ea-670d-0bbe6d2bb964.htm)
     The dimension style to be used for the dimension. 
#### Return Value
[Dimension](210f88be-e3c5-26a4-7dd8-3296f6725cce.htm)If creation was successful the new arc length dimension is returned, otherwise an exception with failure information will be thrown.
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown when any input argument is .   
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when the argument arcRef/dimensionType is invalid.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when the creation failed.   
The dimension will be created on default place. 
#### Reference
[FamilyItemFactory Class](a7622967-1381-c17f-ed04-1ebe40da0440.htm)
[NewRadialDimension Overload](2106460f-a024-9987-5bc7-042d6a8ad50b.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)