# RebarFreeFormAccessor.SetHookPlaneNormalForBarIdx Method

---  
**Note: This API is now obsolete.**
Set the plane's normal in which the termination at end of bar with index barPositionIndex will stay. The plane's normal will be used for both hook and crank. Will throw exception if the rebar has valid constraints. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    [ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use RebarFreeFormAccessor.SetTerminationPlaneNormalForBarIndex instead.")]
    public void SetHookPlaneNormalForBarIdx(
    	int end,
    	int barPositionIndex,
    	XYZ terminationPlaneNormal
    )
    
    <ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use RebarFreeFormAccessor.SetTerminationPlaneNormalForBarIndex instead.")>
    Public Sub SetHookPlaneNormalForBarIdx ( 
    	end As Integer,
    	barPositionIndex As Integer,
    	terminationPlaneNormal As XYZ
    )
    
    public:
    [ObsoleteAttribute(L"This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use RebarFreeFormAccessor.SetTerminationPlaneNormalForBarIndex instead.")]
    void SetHookPlaneNormalForBarIdx(
    	int end, 
    	int barPositionIndex, 
    	XYZ^ terminationPlaneNormal
    )
    
    [<ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use RebarFreeFormAccessor.SetTerminationPlaneNormalForBarIndex instead.")>]
    member SetHookPlaneNormalForBarIdx : 
            end : int * 
            barPositionIndex : int * 
            terminationPlaneNormal : XYZ -> unit 
#### Parameters
end Int32
     The end of bar. Should be 0 for start or 1 for end. 
barPositionIndex Int32
     An index between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1). 
terminationPlaneNormal [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The plane's in which the termination at end of bar with index barPositionIndex will stay. The plane's normal will be used for both hook and crank. The normal should be perpendicular to the bar direction at the specified end of bar. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Normal terminationPlaneNormal for end end isn't a valid normal for bar with index barPositionIndex   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  barPositionIndex is not in the range [ 0, NumberOfBarPositions-1 ]. -or- Invalid end. -or- terminationPlaneNormal has zero length.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This RebarFreeFormAccessor Rebar is constrained.   
#### Reference
[RebarFreeFormAccessor Class](bf146aa3-f780-646e-c3cd-42e7a61d18e6.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)