# ViewSchedule.CreateSchedule(Document, ElementId) Method

---  
Creates a regular schedule. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ViewSchedule CreateSchedule(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId categoryId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreateSchedule ( 
    	document As Document,
    	categoryId As ElementId
    ) As ViewSchedule
    
    public:
    static ViewSchedule^ CreateSchedule(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ categoryId
    )
    
    static member CreateSchedule : 
            document : Document * 
            categoryId : ElementId -> ViewSchedule 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document to which the new schedule will be added. 
categoryId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The ID of the category whose elements will be included in the schedule, or InvalidElementId for a multi-category schedule. 
#### Return Value
[ViewSchedule](0dae24ba-5dcb-9a34-cccc-0cf8cc52bcd3.htm) The newly created schedule. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  document is not a project document. -or- categoryId is not a valid category for a regular schedule. -or- The Areas category was specified but an area scheme ID was not provided.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[ViewSchedule Class](0dae24ba-5dcb-9a34-cccc-0cf8cc52bcd3.htm)
[CreateSchedule Overload](ebae79d5-6ac9-1f1a-a29b-3a61046ecebf.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)