# RibbonPanel.AddStackedItems(RibbonItemData, RibbonItemData) Method

---  
Adds two stacked items to the panel. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.UI](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPIUI (in RevitAPIUI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public IList<RibbonItem> AddStackedItems(
    	RibbonItemData item1,
    	RibbonItemData item2
    )
    
    Public Function AddStackedItems ( 
    	item1 As RibbonItemData,
    	item2 As RibbonItemData
    ) As IList(Of RibbonItem)
    
    public:
    IList<RibbonItem^>^ AddStackedItems(
    	RibbonItemData^ item1, 
    	RibbonItemData^ item2
    )
    
    member AddStackedItems : 
            item1 : RibbonItemData * 
            item2 : RibbonItemData -> IList<RibbonItem> 
#### Parameters
item1 [RibbonItemData](eb399d25-88cb-c3a1-c445-37077b3a5aa1.htm)
     Data containing information about the first item. This data must be of type PushButtonData, PulldownButtonData, SplitButtonData, ComboBoxData, or TextBoxData.
item2 [RibbonItemData](eb399d25-88cb-c3a1-c445-37077b3a5aa1.htm)
     Data containing information about the second item. This data must be of type PushButtonData, PulldownButtonData, SplitButtonData, ComboBoxData, or TextBoxData.
#### Return Value
IList[RibbonItem](79225f03-1633-3722-15b0-752c91a3740d.htm) A collection containing the added items. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)| Thrown when item1 or item2 is .   
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)| Thrown when an item with the item1.Name or item2.Name already exists in the panel or the data is not of the correct type.   
Each new item may either be a PushButton, PulldownButton, SplitButton, ComboBox or TextBox, depending upon the type of data passed in for each argument. The new items will be created as small-size horizontal controls, with the first stacked on top of the second in the panel. 
#### Reference
[RibbonPanel Class](544c0af7-6124-4f64-a25d-46e81ac5300f.htm)
[AddStackedItems Overload](a0c88ce3-8002-bac0-78db-7c43b8c4e62f.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.htm)