# Document.Regenerate Method

---  
Updates the elements in the Revit document to reflect all changes.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void Regenerate()
    
    Public Sub Regenerate
    
    public:
    void Regenerate()
    
    member Regenerate : unit -> unit 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[RegenerationFailedException](787bb389-74c2-5ce7-cdd6-32211209ded2.htm)|  Thrown when the operation fails. 
  * If regeneration fails, there is posted error of severity DocumentCorruption that will be delivered to the end user at the end of transaction explaining what specifically has happened. 
  * If regeneration has failed, document is corrupted and even reading from it is illegal.
  * Code that called regeneration and got this exception should not catch and ignore it - instead, it should do nothing but internal cleanup and return control to the owner of currently active transaction/subtransaction, which must be aborted.

  
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)| Modification of the document is forbidden. Typically, this is because there is no open transaction; consult documentation for Document.IsModified for other possible causes.  
Use this method to force update to the document after a group of changes. Note that when a transaction is committed there is an automatic call to regenerate the document.
#### Reference
[Document Class](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)