# PanelScheduleView.MoveSlotTo Method

---  
Move the circuits in the source slot to the specific slot. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Electrical](212a1314-7843-2c6c-3322-363127e4059f.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void MoveSlotTo(
    	int nMovingRow,
    	int nMovingCol,
    	int nToRow,
    	int nToCol
    )
    
    Public Sub MoveSlotTo ( 
    	nMovingRow As Integer,
    	nMovingCol As Integer,
    	nToRow As Integer,
    	nToCol As Integer
    )
    
    public:
    void MoveSlotTo(
    	int nMovingRow, 
    	int nMovingCol, 
    	int nToRow, 
    	int nToCol
    )
    
    member MoveSlotTo : 
            nMovingRow : int * 
            nMovingCol : int * 
            nToRow : int * 
            nToCol : int -> unit 
#### Parameters
nMovingRow Int32
     The Row Number of cell to be moved. 
nMovingCol Int32
     Start Column Number of cell to be moved. 
nToRow Int32
     The Row Number of cell to moved to. 
nToCol Int32
     End Column Number of cell to moved to. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  The given row number nMovingRow is invalid in Body. -or- The given column number nMovingCol is invalid in Body. -or- The given row number nToRow is invalid in Body. -or- The given column number nToCol is invalid in Body. -or- There is no circuit at given cell (nMovingRow, nMovingCol). -or- Cannot move the circuits at slot (nMovingRow, nMovingCol) to given slot (nToRow, nToCol).   
If the moving circuit is in a group, all circuits in the group will be moved accordingly. 
#### Reference
[PanelScheduleView Class](ef4390e8-5a93-fe7f-580b-c8ec297f6b52.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Electrical Namespace](212a1314-7843-2c6c-3322-363127e4059f.htm)