# RebarSpliceUtils.UnifyRebarsIntoOne Method

---  
This method will unify the rebars by removing the splice between them. A new rebar will be created because of this operation. The curves of the resulted rebar will be the curves of the first rebar continued by the curves of the second rebar. The resulted rebar will take data from the first rebar. (e.g.. layout, moved/removed bars, etc.). 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ElementId UnifyRebarsIntoOne(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId firstRebarId,
    	ElementId secondRebarId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function UnifyRebarsIntoOne ( 
    	document As Document,
    	firstRebarId As ElementId,
    	secondRebarId As ElementId
    ) As ElementId
    
    public:
    static ElementId^ UnifyRebarsIntoOne(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ firstRebarId, 
    	ElementId^ secondRebarId
    )
    
    static member UnifyRebarsIntoOne : 
            document : Document * 
            firstRebarId : ElementId * 
            secondRebarId : ElementId -> ElementId 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
firstRebarId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     First Rebar id. 
secondRebarId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Second Rebar id. 
#### Return Value
[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm) Returns the id of the new rebar. In case that unify operation fails, it will return invalidElementId 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Rebar elements must have a splice connection between them in order to be unified.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
#### Reference
[RebarSpliceUtils Class](b439ae8f-42b1-7cbc-2aea-16973b34a0b0.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)