# View.ViewTemplateId Property

---  
The id of the template view that controls this view's parameters. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public ElementId ViewTemplateId { get; set; }
    
    Public Property ViewTemplateId As ElementId
    	Get
    	Set
    
    public:
    property ElementId^ ViewTemplateId {
    	ElementId^ get ();
    	void set (ElementId^ value);
    }
    
    member ViewTemplateId : ElementId with get, set
#### Property Value
[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm) The id of the template view that controls this view's parameters. InvalidElementId if there is no template set for this view. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  When setting this property: val is not valid as a view template id for this view.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  When setting this property: A non-optional argument was null   
Parameters controlled by the template cannot be changed directly in this view. Any change to controlled parameters in the template will cause change of the corresponding parameters in this view. Use [GetTemplateParameterIds](64761c8c-ed01-65b6-2b05-ebd7b02acd77.htm) on the template view to get a list of all template parameters. Use [GetNonControlledTemplateParameterIds](a34bb9cf-9a1d-a3e7-b04e-78bca30ecf4e.htm) on the template view to get parameters that are not controlled by the template. 
#### Reference
[View Class](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)