# Document.LoadFamilySymbol(String, String, IFamilyLoadOptions, FamilySymbol) Method

---  
Loads only the specified family type/symbol from a family file into the document and provides a reference to the loaded family symbol.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public bool LoadFamilySymbol(
    	string filename,
    	string name,
    	IFamilyLoadOptions familyLoadOptions,
    	out FamilySymbol symbol
    )
    
    Public Function LoadFamilySymbol ( 
    	filename As String,
    	name As String,
    	familyLoadOptions As IFamilyLoadOptions,
    	<OutAttribute> ByRef symbol As FamilySymbol
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    bool LoadFamilySymbol(
    	String^ filename, 
    	String^ name, 
    	IFamilyLoadOptions^ familyLoadOptions, 
    	[OutAttribute] FamilySymbol^% symbol
    )
    
    member LoadFamilySymbol : 
            filename : string * 
            name : string * 
            familyLoadOptions : IFamilyLoadOptions * 
            symbol : FamilySymbol byref -> bool 
#### Parameters
filename String
    The fully qualified filename of the Family file, usually ending in .rfa.
name String
    The name of the type/symbol to be loaded, such as "W11x14".
familyLoadOptions [IFamilyLoadOptions](d447ed92-74e1-2125-dd0a-38a5ae85ce53.htm)
    The interface implementation to use when loading a family into the document.
symbol [FamilySymbol](a1acaed0-6a62-4c1d-94f5-4e27ce0923d3.htm)
    A reference to the family symbol that was loaded if successful, otherwise Nothing.
#### Return Value
BooleanTrue if the family type/symbol was loaded successfully into the project, otherwise False.
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when filename or name is  or empty.   
This function supports loading of types/symbols stored in the family, or those available in the family Type Catalog file. 
#### Reference
[Document Class](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
[LoadFamilySymbol Overload](7c99a858-3e0e-e63b-3754-996f98d1bc2f.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)