# RebarBarType.SetCrankRatio Method

---  
Sets the crank ratio for the specified Rebar Crank Type. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetCrankRatio(
    	ElementId rebarCrankTypeId,
    	double crankRatio
    )
    
    Public Sub SetCrankRatio ( 
    	rebarCrankTypeId As ElementId,
    	crankRatio As Double
    )
    
    public:
    void SetCrankRatio(
    	ElementId^ rebarCrankTypeId, 
    	double crankRatio
    )
    
    member SetCrankRatio : 
            rebarCrankTypeId : ElementId * 
            crankRatio : float -> unit 
#### Parameters
rebarCrankTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The Rebar Crank Type id. Interactions with Rebar Crank Types can be done with the functions in [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::Structure::RebarCrankTypeUtils]. 
crankRatio Double
     The new value of the crank ratio. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The rebarCrankTypeId doesn't represent a valid Rebar Crank Type. It should be an ElementType of BuiltInCategory.OST_RebarCrankType category. -or- For the specified Rebar Crank Type is auto calculated and the cannot be manually set. -or- The crank parameters cannot be computed for the specified crankRatio and Rebar Crank Type.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  The given value for crankRatio must be positive.   
The crank slope is 1/crankRatio. When the crank ratio is set, the crank offset length is keeping the same value. The angled length and straight length are adjusted. 
#### Reference
[RebarBarType Class](467b44cc-54e7-3ecf-07e1-ad15d05fe800.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)