# TransmissionData.SetDesiredReferenceData Method

---  
Sets the ExternalFileReference information which Revit should use the next time it opens the document which this TransmissionData belongs to. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetDesiredReferenceData(
    	ElementId elemId,
    	ModelPath path,
    	PathType pathType,
    	bool shouldLoad
    )
    
    Public Sub SetDesiredReferenceData ( 
    	elemId As ElementId,
    	path As ModelPath,
    	pathType As PathType,
    	shouldLoad As Boolean
    )
    
    public:
    void SetDesiredReferenceData(
    	ElementId^ elemId, 
    	ModelPath^ path, 
    	PathType pathType, 
    	bool shouldLoad
    )
    
    member SetDesiredReferenceData : 
            elemId : ElementId * 
            path : ModelPath * 
            pathType : PathType * 
            shouldLoad : bool -> unit 
#### Parameters
elemId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the element associated with this reference. 
path [ModelPath](40a84c72-e4b8-72ac-2f71-3216c66a11b3.htm)
     A ModelPath indicating the location to load the external file reference from. 
pathType [PathType](dab91714-40d3-bc4a-6c5e-1b5eb504e341.htm)
     A PathType value indicating what type of path the ModelPath is. 
shouldLoad Boolean
     True if the external file should be loaded the next time Revit opens the document. False if it should be unloaded. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  elemId does not correspond to an ExternalFileReference contained in this TransmissionData. -or- These inputs will not produce a valid ExternalFileReference.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
There must already be a reference associated with the given id for this function to be valid. New references cannot be created in a closed file. See the documentation for a particular reference type to see its creation API. 
#### Reference
[TransmissionData Class](d78d1e9c-1cee-1336-88d5-b605dacd077d.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)