# LinearArray.ArrayElementWithoutAssociation Method

---  
Creates a new linear array from a single element. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ICollection<ElementId> ArrayElementWithoutAssociation(
    	Document aDoc,
    	View dBView,
    	ElementId id,
    	int count,
    	XYZ translationToAnchorMember,
    	ArrayAnchorMember anchorMember
    )
    
    Public Shared Function ArrayElementWithoutAssociation ( 
    	aDoc As Document,
    	dBView As View,
    	id As ElementId,
    	count As Integer,
    	translationToAnchorMember As XYZ,
    	anchorMember As ArrayAnchorMember
    ) As ICollection(Of ElementId)
    
    public:
    static ICollection<ElementId^>^ ArrayElementWithoutAssociation(
    	Document^ aDoc, 
    	View^ dBView, 
    	ElementId^ id, 
    	int count, 
    	XYZ^ translationToAnchorMember, 
    	ArrayAnchorMember anchorMember
    )
    
    static member ArrayElementWithoutAssociation : 
            aDoc : Document * 
            dBView : View * 
            id : ElementId * 
            count : int * 
            translationToAnchorMember : XYZ * 
            anchorMember : ArrayAnchorMember -> ICollection<ElementId> 
#### Parameters
aDoc [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
dBView [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
     The view. If it is a 2d view, translation vector must be in the view plane if the element is a view-specific element. 
id [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The element to array. 
count Int32
     The number of array members to create including the initial element grouping. Must between 2 and 200 in projects, and between 0 and 200 in families. 
translationToAnchorMember [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The translation vector for the array. 
anchorMember [ArrayAnchorMember](4e138a54-bc03-a66f-831b-7ab88f15677e.htm)
     Indicates if the translation vector specifies the location of the second member of the array, or the last member of the array. 
#### Return Value
ICollection[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm) The ids of the elements created during the operation. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The element id does not exist in the document -or- id is not arrayable. -or- count must be between 2 and 200 in project documents and between 0 and 200 in family documents. -or- The view is invalid for specific view elements array. -or- The translation point vector is invalid to array the element.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Failed to create the linear array.   
The resulting elements will not be associated with an array element. 
#### Reference
[LinearArray Class](58e47064-607e-d52b-5930-7e371851a678.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)