# PlumbingUtils.ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtCross(Document, ElementId, ElementId, ElementId) Method

---  
Connects placeholders that looks like Cross connection. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Plumbing](cc553597-37c2-fcd9-6025-d904c129c80a.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtCross(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId placeholder1Id,
    	ElementId placeholder2Id,
    	ElementId placeholder3Id
    )
    
    Public Shared Function ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtCross ( 
    	document As Document,
    	placeholder1Id As ElementId,
    	placeholder2Id As ElementId,
    	placeholder3Id As ElementId
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtCross(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ placeholder1Id, 
    	ElementId^ placeholder2Id, 
    	ElementId^ placeholder3Id
    )
    
    static member ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtCross : 
            document : Document * 
            placeholder1Id : ElementId * 
            placeholder2Id : ElementId * 
            placeholder3Id : ElementId -> bool 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
placeholder1Id [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The first element Id of pipe placeholder. 
placeholder2Id [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The second element Id of pipe placeholder that intersects with first one. 
placeholder3Id [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The third element Id of pipe placeholder that intersects with first one. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if connection succeeds, false otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The element id placeholder1Id is not pipe placeholder. -or- The element id placeholder2Id is not pipe placeholder. -or- The element id placeholder3Id is not pipe placeholder. -or- The elements belong to different types of system. -or- The curve placeholder2Id does not connect on the curve placeholder1Id or vice versa. -or- The curve placeholder3Id does not connect on the curve placeholder1Id or vice versa. -or- The curve placeholder2Id and placeholder3Id are not collinear.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
If connection fails, the placeholders cannot be physically connected. 
#### Reference
[PlumbingUtils Class](958a3fa2-eb4b-2814-f674-42cac98f4910.htm)
[ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtCross Overload](7635724a-038c-577c-fbf5-f00e365ffded.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Plumbing Namespace](cc553597-37c2-fcd9-6025-d904c129c80a.htm)