# FabricSheetType.SetMinorLayoutAsNumberWithSpacing Method

---  
Sets the major layout pattern as NumberWithSpacing, while specifying the needed parameters for this pattern. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetMinorLayoutAsNumberWithSpacing(
    	double overallLength,
    	double majorStartOverhang,
    	int numberOfWires,
    	double spacing
    )
    
    Public Sub SetMinorLayoutAsNumberWithSpacing ( 
    	overallLength As Double,
    	majorStartOverhang As Double,
    	numberOfWires As Integer,
    	spacing As Double
    )
    
    public:
    void SetMinorLayoutAsNumberWithSpacing(
    	double overallLength, 
    	double majorStartOverhang, 
    	int numberOfWires, 
    	double spacing
    )
    
    member SetMinorLayoutAsNumberWithSpacing : 
            overallLength : float * 
            majorStartOverhang : float * 
            numberOfWires : int * 
            spacing : float -> unit 
#### Parameters
overallLength Double
     The entire length of the wire sheet in the major direction. 
majorStartOverhang Double
     The distance from the edge of the sheet to the first wire in the major direction. 
numberOfWires Int32
     The number of wires in the minor direction. 
spacing Double
     The distance between the wires in the minor direction. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The given value for overallLength is not a number -or- The given value for majorStartOverhang is not a number -or- numberOfWires must range from 2 to 1000000. -or- The given value for spacing is not a number -or- The arguments are not consistent, please specify proper input values.   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  The given value for overallLength must be greater than 0 and no more than 30000 feet. -or- The given value for majorStartOverhang must be between 0 and 30000 feet. -or- The given value for spacing must be greater than 0 and no more than 30000 feet.   
#### Reference
[FabricSheetType Class](892f0ce6-5548-d299-c976-9355ac4109ee.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)