# KeynoteEntries.LoadKeynoteEntriesFromFile Method

---  
Loads the contents of a keynote text file into the provided KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadContent. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool LoadKeynoteEntriesFromFile(
    	string filePath,
    	KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadContent keynoteContent
    )
    
    Public Shared Function LoadKeynoteEntriesFromFile ( 
    	filePath As String,
    	keynoteContent As KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadContent
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool LoadKeynoteEntriesFromFile(
    	String^ filePath, 
    	KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadContent^ keynoteContent
    )
    
    static member LoadKeynoteEntriesFromFile : 
            filePath : string * 
            keynoteContent : KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadContent -> bool 
#### Parameters
filePath String
     The full path of the existing keynotefile. 
keynoteContent [KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadContent](c612ce53-9774-8d74-28fc-5918c6491576.htm)
     The keynote entries read from the filePath will be added to this object. A KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadContent object will also be updated to contain status information, including information about any errors that occurred while reading the keynote entries from the specified file. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if reading the keynote file succeeds; False if the keynote file cannot be read. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  filePath is an empty string. -or- The KeyBasedTreeEntries object owned by this KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadContent object is built already. Adding more KeyBasedTreeEntries as well as repeated building, is not supported.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidPathArgumentException](3f3c93a6-008b-f9de-40d4-5cd99bb32b34.htm)|  The destination file name includes one or more invalid characters.   
The entries read from the file will be added to any existing entries read from other files before this reading operation in the provided KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadContent. if file A was read, and then file B was failed to read, all the entries from file A will still be there to build KeynoteEntries object. 
#### Reference
[KeynoteEntries Class](1463acbb-85c7-e0a8-81fd-c82360db72ef.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)