# ImportInstance.Create(Document, ElementId, View) Method

---  
Creates a new instance of an existing DWG link type. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ImportInstance Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId typeId,
    	View DBView
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	typeId As ElementId,
    	DBView As View
    ) As ImportInstance
    
    public:
    static ImportInstance^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ typeId, 
    	View^ DBView
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            typeId : ElementId * 
            DBView : View -> ImportInstance 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document in which to create the new instacne of DWG link type. 
typeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The element id of the existing DWG link type. 
DBView [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
     The view into which the new instance of DWG link type will be created. 
#### Return Value
[ImportInstance](85b534b8-dd6c-bc13-7c46-c803c83481e4.htm) The new instance of the given DWG link type. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  document is not a project document. -or- document is in an edit mode. -or- The view is not printable. -or- The element id is not of a valid CADLinkType.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
This function regenerates the input document.
#### Reference
[ImportInstance Class](85b534b8-dd6c-bc13-7c46-c803c83481e4.htm)
[Create Overload](ddb7b91a-482e-5cb6-edf6-913781024602.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)