# RebarContainer.AppendItemFromRebarShape Method

---  
Appends an Item to the RebarContainer. Fills its data on base of the Rebar. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public RebarContainerItem AppendItemFromRebarShape(
    	RebarShape rebarShape,
    	RebarBarType barType,
    	XYZ origin,
    	XYZ xVector,
    	XYZ yVector
    )
    
    Public Function AppendItemFromRebarShape ( 
    	rebarShape As RebarShape,
    	barType As RebarBarType,
    	origin As XYZ,
    	xVector As XYZ,
    	yVector As XYZ
    ) As RebarContainerItem
    
    public:
    RebarContainerItem^ AppendItemFromRebarShape(
    	RebarShape^ rebarShape, 
    	RebarBarType^ barType, 
    	XYZ^ origin, 
    	XYZ^ xVector, 
    	XYZ^ yVector
    )
    
    member AppendItemFromRebarShape : 
            rebarShape : RebarShape * 
            barType : RebarBarType * 
            origin : XYZ * 
            xVector : XYZ * 
            yVector : XYZ -> RebarContainerItem 
#### Parameters
rebarShape [RebarShape](0a370e32-eaba-785e-7e1f-9330929525fc.htm)
     A RebarShape element that defines the shape of the rebar. 
barType [RebarBarType](467b44cc-54e7-3ecf-07e1-ad15d05fe800.htm)
     A RebarBarType element that defines bar diameter, bend radius and material of the rebar. 
origin [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The lower-left corner of the shape's bounding box will be placed at this point in the project. 
xVector [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The x-axis in the shape definition will be mapped to this direction in the project. 
yVector [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The y-axis in the shape definition will be mapped to this direction in the project. 
#### Return Value
[RebarContainerItem](764f647c-9c3e-b971-1c44-b63f756e1448.htm) The Rebar Container Item. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  A RebarContainerItem cannot be created from a Rebar Shape that has End Treatments or Cranks or terminations' rotation angles are different than 0.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  xVector has zero length. -or- yVector has zero length.   
#### Reference
[RebarContainer Class](61979a57-facc-d97a-7a35-ee04eed59156.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)