# RevisionNumberingSequence.CreateAlphanumericSequence Method

---  
Creates a new alphanumeric revision numbering sequence in the document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static RevisionNumberingSequence CreateAlphanumericSequence(
    	Document document,
    	string name,
    	AlphanumericRevisionSettings settings
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreateAlphanumericSequence ( 
    	document As Document,
    	name As String,
    	settings As AlphanumericRevisionSettings
    ) As RevisionNumberingSequence
    
    public:
    static RevisionNumberingSequence^ CreateAlphanumericSequence(
    	Document^ document, 
    	String^ name, 
    	AlphanumericRevisionSettings^ settings
    )
    
    static member CreateAlphanumericSequence : 
            document : Document * 
            name : string * 
            settings : AlphanumericRevisionSettings -> RevisionNumberingSequence 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document of the new revision numbering sequence. 
name String
     The name for the revision numbering sequence. 
settings [AlphanumericRevisionSettings](ee27c0eb-9f9b-b59c-728d-24b2654a2bc2.htm)
     The alphanumeric settings for the revision numbering sequence. 
#### Return Value
[RevisionNumberingSequence](52b6f8d8-4d5e-dfee-7782-5cd7a77ee543.htm) The newly created revision numbering sequence. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  document is not a project document. -or- name is an empty string or contains only whitespace. -or- name cannot include prohibited characters, such as "{, }, [, ], |, ;, less-than sign, greater-than sign, ?, `, ~". -or- settings is not a valid AlphanumericRevisionSettings.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements).   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
The new revision numbering sequence will not be assigned to any revision. Use `Revision.SetRevisionNumberingSequenceId` to apply the sequence to a revision. 
#### Reference
[RevisionNumberingSequence Class](52b6f8d8-4d5e-dfee-7782-5cd7a77ee543.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)