# DirectShape.CreateElementInstance Method

---  
Creates a DirectShape object and adds it to document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static DirectShape CreateElementInstance(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId typeId,
    	ElementId categoryId,
    	string definitionId,
    	Transform trf
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreateElementInstance ( 
    	document As Document,
    	typeId As ElementId,
    	categoryId As ElementId,
    	definitionId As String,
    	trf As Transform
    ) As DirectShape
    
    public:
    static DirectShape^ CreateElementInstance(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ typeId, 
    	ElementId^ categoryId, 
    	String^ definitionId, 
    	Transform^ trf
    )
    
    static member CreateElementInstance : 
            document : Document * 
            typeId : ElementId * 
            categoryId : ElementId * 
            definitionId : string * 
            trf : Transform -> DirectShape 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     Document to which the created element will be added. 
typeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Element id of a DirectShapeType element. 
categoryId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Id of the category assigned to this DirectShape. Must be a valid category id. 
definitionId String
     Id of the shape definition that was created earlier and stored via DirectShapeLibrary. 
trf [Transform](58dd01c8-b3fc-7142-e4f3-c524079a282d.htm)
     Transform to be applied to the definition. 
#### Return Value
[DirectShape](bfbd137b-c2c2-71bb-6f4a-992d0dcf6ea8.htm) The created DirectShape object. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Document document may not contain DirectShape or DirectShapeType objects. -or- Element id categoryId may not be used as a DirectShape category.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
This function is included for convenience. It essentially combines CreateGeometryInstance and CreateElement. The shape stored in the element is either a reference or a copy of a definition shape that was created earlier. How the definitions are stored will determine whether an instance or a copy of the shape will be created. The intended use is to support a definition/instance pattern common in CAD formats - DWG blocks, STEP MAPPED_ITEM, IFC IfcMappedItem. Use DirectShapeLibrary class to store definitions prior to using them here. 
#### Reference
[DirectShape Class](bfbd137b-c2c2-71bb-6f4a-992d0dcf6ea8.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)