# FamilyItemFactory.NewSweptBlendForm Method

---  
Create new Form element by swept blend operation, and add it into the Autodesk Revit family document.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public Form NewSweptBlendForm(
    	bool isSolid,
    	ReferenceArray path,
    	ReferenceArrayArray profiles
    )
    
    Public Function NewSweptBlendForm ( 
    	isSolid As Boolean,
    	path As ReferenceArray,
    	profiles As ReferenceArrayArray
    ) As Form
    
    public:
    Form^ NewSweptBlendForm(
    	bool isSolid, 
    	ReferenceArray^ path, 
    	ReferenceArrayArray^ profiles
    )
    
    member NewSweptBlendForm : 
            isSolid : bool * 
            path : ReferenceArray * 
            profiles : ReferenceArrayArray -> Form 
#### Parameters
isSolid Boolean
    Indicates if the Form is Solid or Void.
path [ReferenceArray](bc9192b5-6666-a8de-0128-87dae479fd6a.htm)
    The path of the swept blend. The path should be 2D, where all input curves lie in one plane. If there's more than one profile, the path should be a single curve. It's required to reference existing geometry.
profiles [ReferenceArrayArray](b50edc19-b437-2aab-bd03-5d1a0aed4164.htm)
    The profile set of the newly created swept blend. Each profile should consist of only one curve loop. Each profile must be in a plane that intersects with the path and is perpendicular to the path at the point of intersection.
#### Return Value
[Form](49f6ae4c-1629-98ef-d9a9-799bb1fd43ec.htm)If creation was successful new form is returned.
#### Reference
[FamilyItemFactory Class](a7622967-1381-c17f-ed04-1ebe40da0440.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)