# DuctInsulation.Create Method

---  
Creates a new instance of duct insulation. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Mechanical](0eafd899-5912-56fd-94b1-d286156e26fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static DuctInsulation Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId ductOrContentElementId,
    	ElementId ductInsulationTypeId,
    	double Thickness
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	ductOrContentElementId As ElementId,
    	ductInsulationTypeId As ElementId,
    	Thickness As Double
    ) As DuctInsulation
    
    public:
    static DuctInsulation^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ ductOrContentElementId, 
    	ElementId^ ductInsulationTypeId, 
    	double Thickness
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            ductOrContentElementId : ElementId * 
            ductInsulationTypeId : ElementId * 
            Thickness : float -> DuctInsulation 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
ductOrContentElementId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The duct , fitting or accessory ElementId to which insulation will be added. 
ductInsulationTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The duct insulation type. If the input duct insulation type is InvalidElementId, the default insulation type from the document will be used. 
Thickness Double
     The thickness of the insulation. 
#### Return Value
[DuctInsulation](f81a44d8-6ccf-c5b8-f2ca-55e547eff956.htm) The newly created duct insulation. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  This id does not represent a duct, fitting, or accessory element. -or- This duct insulation type is invalid. -or- Thickness is not valid for assignment to insulation or lining elements.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements).   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[DuctInsulation Class](f81a44d8-6ccf-c5b8-f2ca-55e547eff956.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Mechanical Namespace](0eafd899-5912-56fd-94b1-d286156e26fc.htm)