# Truss.Create Method

---  
Creates a new Truss. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static Truss Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId trussTypeId,
    	ElementId sketchPlaneId,
    	Curve curve
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	trussTypeId As ElementId,
    	sketchPlaneId As ElementId,
    	curve As Curve
    ) As Truss
    
    public:
    static Truss^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ trussTypeId, 
    	ElementId^ sketchPlaneId, 
    	Curve^ curve
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            trussTypeId : ElementId * 
            sketchPlaneId : ElementId * 
            curve : Curve -> Truss 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document in which the new Truss is created. 
trussTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Element id of the truss type. 
sketchPlaneId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Element id of a SketchPlane. 
curve [Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.htm)
     The curve of the truss element. It must be a line, must not be a vertical line, and must be within the sketch plane. 
#### Return Value
[Truss](e0cdc591-cac6-57c7-6190-f0d48cc0e4a9.htm)
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The input curve points to a helical curve and is not supported for this operation. -or- The element id should refer to a valid TrussType. -or- The element id should refer to a valid SketchPlane. -or- The curve is invalid to be the base curve of a truss.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This function is only enabled in Revit Structure and Revit Architecture. -or- Failed to create Truss element.   
#### Reference
[Truss Class](e0cdc591-cac6-57c7-6190-f0d48cc0e4a9.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)