# ExternalServiceRegistry.ExecuteService(Guid, Guid, IExternalData) Method

---  
Execute the service by the given server. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService](a88f2d1d-c02f-a901-9543-44e4b5dd5fc9.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ExternalServiceResult ExecuteService(
    	Guid executionKey,
    	Guid serverId,
    	IExternalData data
    )
    
    Public Shared Function ExecuteService ( 
    	executionKey As Guid,
    	serverId As Guid,
    	data As IExternalData
    ) As ExternalServiceResult
    
    public:
    static ExternalServiceResult ExecuteService(
    	Guid executionKey, 
    	Guid serverId, 
    	IExternalData^ data
    )
    
    static member ExecuteService : 
            executionKey : Guid * 
            serverId : Guid * 
            data : IExternalData -> ExternalServiceResult 
#### Parameters
executionKey Guid
     Access key of the service to be executed. The key is not the same as the service's Id. It is the value that was returned to the caller who registered the service. 
serverId Guid
     the specific server to execute 
data [IExternalData](d4f0854f-3b67-c60e-1696-8cffbaba065a.htm)
     The associated data. The type must be of the class defined by the service. 
#### Return Value
[ExternalServiceResult](63c83d88-92c7-5283-8b39-efb0baeedcd8.htm) The result of executing the external service. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
Execution of a service should be invoked only by the application that registered the service. The execution will use the given server. 
The serverId must be of a valid server that is currently registered for the service, ArgumentException be thrown if it is not available. 
Because this method executes an explicitly specified server regardless of what other servers are currently active, it can only be invoked for a service that is not set as being recordable. 
Plese also note that this method does not have any effect on active servers currently set for the service. 
#### Reference
[ExternalServiceRegistry Class](fa14442f-3d47-2c21-467c-6d19e4cc0d9e.htm)
[ExecuteService Overload](441ae935-fa59-aa1e-23ba-57e334974c7f.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService Namespace](a88f2d1d-c02f-a901-9543-44e4b5dd5fc9.htm)