# GenericZone.ConvertSpaceBasedToSketchBased Method

---  
Converts a space-based generic zone to a sketch-based generic zone. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void ConvertSpaceBasedToSketchBased(
    	ElementId typeId
    )
    
    Public Sub ConvertSpaceBasedToSketchBased ( 
    	typeId As ElementId
    )
    
    public:
    void ConvertSpaceBasedToSketchBased(
    	ElementId^ typeId
    )
    
    member ConvertSpaceBasedToSketchBased : 
            typeId : ElementId -> unit 
#### Parameters
typeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The sketch-based element type for the new generic zone. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The element typeId is not a valid sketch-based zone type.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The document containing this GenericZone is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The element is a member of a loaded family. -or- The element is a member of a group type that is not being edited. -or- This generic zone must be space-based.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document containing this GenericZone is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document containing this GenericZone is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process. -or- This GenericZone is an internal element, such as a component of a loaded family or a group type. -or- The document containing this GenericZone is in Group Edit Mode, Sketch Edit Mode, or Paste Mode, and the element is not a member of the group, sketch, or clipboard. -or- This GenericZone is a member of a group or sketch, and the document is not currently editing the group or sketch.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document containing this GenericZone has no open transaction.   
This element must be the space-based before the conversion. The conversation will keep the same element id, name, but swapped into a different type as specified. 
#### Reference
[GenericZone Class](100b5109-f779-8cf8-81d1-cb6a5c0f4fa1.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis Namespace](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.htm)