# PlumbingUtils.ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtCross(Document, Connector, Connector, Connector, Connector) Method

---  
Connects placeholders that looks like Cross connection. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Plumbing](cc553597-37c2-fcd9-6025-d904c129c80a.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtCross(
    	Document document,
    	Connector connector1,
    	Connector connector2,
    	Connector connector3,
    	Connector connector4
    )
    
    Public Shared Function ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtCross ( 
    	document As Document,
    	connector1 As Connector,
    	connector2 As Connector,
    	connector3 As Connector,
    	connector4 As Connector
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtCross(
    	Document^ document, 
    	Connector^ connector1, 
    	Connector^ connector2, 
    	Connector^ connector3, 
    	Connector^ connector4
    )
    
    static member ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtCross : 
            document : Document * 
            connector1 : Connector * 
            connector2 : Connector * 
            connector3 : Connector * 
            connector4 : Connector -> bool 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
connector1 [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The first end connector of placeholder to be connected to the second. 
connector2 [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The second end connector of placeholder to be connected to the first. 
connector3 [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The third end connector of placeholder to be connected to the forth. 
connector4 [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The fourth end connector of placeholder to be connected to the third. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if connection succeeds, false otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The owner of connector is not pipe placeholder. -or- The owners of connectors belong to different types of system. -or- The curves of connector1 and connector2 are not collinear or either the connecto1 or connector2 is not connector of curve end.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
The placeholders may or may not have physical connection. However a) The ends of four connectors should intersect at same point; b) the first and second placeholders should be collinear each other; c) the third and fourth placeholders should be collinear each other and d) the third and fourth should have intersection with first or second placeholder. If connection fails, the placeholders cannot be physically connected. 
#### Reference
[PlumbingUtils Class](958a3fa2-eb4b-2814-f674-42cac98f4910.htm)
[ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtCross Overload](7635724a-038c-577c-fbf5-f00e365ffded.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Plumbing Namespace](cc553597-37c2-fcd9-6025-d904c129c80a.htm)