# StairsRun.CreateSpiralRun Method

---  
Creates a spiral run in the project document by providing the center, start angle and included angle. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Architecture](720f0c58-cb2b-4f13-374a-7348ed0a1cd3.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static StairsRun CreateSpiralRun(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId stairsId,
    	XYZ center,
    	double radius,
    	double startAngle,
    	double includedAngle,
    	bool clockwise,
    	StairsRunJustification justification
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreateSpiralRun ( 
    	document As Document,
    	stairsId As ElementId,
    	center As XYZ,
    	radius As Double,
    	startAngle As Double,
    	includedAngle As Double,
    	clockwise As Boolean,
    	justification As StairsRunJustification
    ) As StairsRun
    
    public:
    static StairsRun^ CreateSpiralRun(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ stairsId, 
    	XYZ^ center, 
    	double radius, 
    	double startAngle, 
    	double includedAngle, 
    	bool clockwise, 
    	StairsRunJustification justification
    )
    
    static member CreateSpiralRun : 
            document : Document * 
            stairsId : ElementId * 
            center : XYZ * 
            radius : float * 
            startAngle : float * 
            includedAngle : float * 
            clockwise : bool * 
            justification : StairsRunJustification -> StairsRun 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
stairsId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The stairs that the new stairs run will belong to. 
center [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The center of the location arc of the spiral run. The Z coordinate of the center is the base elevation for the new run (in model coordinates). It must be greater than or equal to the stairs base elevation. 
radius Double
     The radius of the location arc of the spiral run. 
startAngle Double
     The start angle of the location arc of the spiral run. The angle's coordinate system is world coordinate system which always is XYZ.BasisX and XYZ.BasisY. 
includedAngle Double
     The total angle covered by the spiral run. Must be a positive value (direction is determined by the clockwise flag). 
clockwise Boolean
     True if the spiral run will be created along clockwise direction, False otherwise. 
justification [StairsRunJustification](4d75bda7-267b-dc0e-286a-b5efb839655f.htm)
     The location path justification of the new stairs run. 
#### Return Value
[StairsRun](ea0e49a0-a007-79d0-c902-a24b1359ae28.htm) The new stairs run. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The stairsId is not a valid stairs element. -or- The given value for startAngle is not finite -or- The input center is not a valid center for spiral run (probably the Z coordinate doesn't meet the restrictions) -or- The includedAngle doesn't satisfy riser restriction to generate spiral run (probably it's too small).   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  The given value for radius must be greater than 0 and no more than 30000 feet. -or- The given value for includedAngle must be positive. -or- A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
[ArgumentsInconsistentException](05972c68-fa6d-3a83-d720-ad84fbc4780f.htm)|  The radius is too small to generate a spiral run at the given justification.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The stairs element represented by stairsId is not in an active StairsEditScope. New components cannot be added to it.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
[RegenerationFailedException](787bb389-74c2-5ce7-cdd6-32211209ded2.htm)|  The center, radius, startAngle, includedAngle don't satisfy restrictions to generate spiral run.   
The new stairs run and the document will be regenerated. This should be run from within an open transaction. 
#### Reference
[StairsRun Class](ea0e49a0-a007-79d0-c902-a24b1359ae28.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Architecture Namespace](720f0c58-cb2b-4f13-374a-7348ed0a1cd3.htm)