# ElevationMarker.CreateElevationMarker Method

---  
Creates a new ElevationMarker. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ElevationMarker CreateElevationMarker(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId viewFamilyTypeId,
    	XYZ origin,
    	int initialViewScale
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreateElevationMarker ( 
    	document As Document,
    	viewFamilyTypeId As ElementId,
    	origin As XYZ,
    	initialViewScale As Integer
    ) As ElevationMarker
    
    public:
    static ElevationMarker^ CreateElevationMarker(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ viewFamilyTypeId, 
    	XYZ^ origin, 
    	int initialViewScale
    )
    
    static member CreateElevationMarker : 
            document : Document * 
            viewFamilyTypeId : ElementId * 
            origin : XYZ * 
            initialViewScale : int -> ElevationMarker 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document to which the new ElevationMarker will be added. 
viewFamilyTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     This ViewFamilyType will be used by all elevations hosted on the new ElevationMarker. 
origin [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The desired origin for the ElevationMarker. 
initialViewScale Int32
     This view scale will be automatically applied to new elevations created on the ElevationMarker. The scale is the ratio of true model size to paper size. 
#### Return Value
[ElevationMarker](ca59d2f7-4cd0-d13d-22a0-c153ac8310d4.htm) The new ElevationMarker. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  This view family type is not appropriate for ElevationMarkers. -or- The denominator X of the view scale 1/X must be in the range 1 to 24,000. -or- Elevation view creation is not allowed in this family.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
#### Reference
[ElevationMarker Class](ca59d2f7-4cd0-d13d-22a0-c153ac8310d4.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)