# ViewPosition.Create Method

---  
Creates a new view position element. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ViewPosition Create(
    	Document document,
    	string name,
    	XYZ position,
    	ViewAnchor viewAnchor
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	name As String,
    	position As XYZ,
    	viewAnchor As ViewAnchor
    ) As ViewPosition
    
    public:
    static ViewPosition^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	String^ name, 
    	XYZ^ position, 
    	ViewAnchor viewAnchor
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            name : string * 
            position : XYZ * 
            viewAnchor : ViewAnchor -> ViewPosition 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document to which the ViewPosition will be added. 
name String
     The name of the view position element. 
position [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The position of the view. 
viewAnchor [ViewAnchor](8620fc3d-ce84-40d0-dc89-c8c042acbb81.htm)
     The method the view will be positioned on the sheet. 
#### Return Value
[ViewPosition](3725bda7-8c52-5cae-ffdb-e29056825935.htm) The newly created view position element. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  document is not a project document. -or- name is an empty string or contains only whitespace. -or- name cannot include prohibited characters, such as "{, }, [, ], |, ;, less-than sign, greater-than sign, ?, `, ~". -or- The given value for name is already in use as a view position name.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
#### Reference
[ViewPosition Class](3725bda7-8c52-5cae-ffdb-e29056825935.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)