# DetailElementOrderUtils.BringForward(Document, View, ElementId) Method

---  
Moves the given detail instance one step closer to the front of all other detail instances in the view. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static void BringForward(
    	Document document,
    	View view,
    	ElementId detailElementId
    )
    
    Public Shared Sub BringForward ( 
    	document As Document,
    	view As View,
    	detailElementId As ElementId
    )
    
    public:
    static void BringForward(
    	Document^ document, 
    	View^ view, 
    	ElementId^ detailElementId
    )
    
    static member BringForward : 
            document : Document * 
            view : View * 
            detailElementId : ElementId -> unit 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
view [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
     The view in which the detail appears. 
detailElementId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The detail to bring forward. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The document does not support detail draw order. Only projects and 3d families support draw order. 2d families and in-place families do not support draw order. -or- The element detailElementId is not a detail or it does not participate in detail draw ordering. Details must be visible in the view. -or- In 3d families, detail draw order can only be adjusted in views that are parallel to the document's X, Y or Z axes.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
#### Reference
[DetailElementOrderUtils Class](7153db7b-62cc-f36b-b6a5-0ded8af7b5be.htm)
[BringForward Overload](974916e2-01a3-bfc1-6261-73f4ee83a719.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)