# DatumPlane.IsLeaderValid Method

---  
Identifies if the leader valid or not for this DatumPlane. This method does not apply to Reference planes (which do not support leaders). 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public bool IsLeaderValid(
    	DatumEnds datumEnd,
    	View view,
    	Leader leader
    )
    
    Public Function IsLeaderValid ( 
    	datumEnd As DatumEnds,
    	view As View,
    	leader As Leader
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    bool IsLeaderValid(
    	DatumEnds datumEnd, 
    	View^ view, 
    	Leader^ leader
    )
    
    member IsLeaderValid : 
            datumEnd : DatumEnds * 
            view : View * 
            leader : Leader -> bool 
#### Parameters
datumEnd [DatumEnds](60cdd5d4-8c6c-320b-7b8b-1cc4487edd9c.htm)
     The end of the datum plane. 
view [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
     The view on which the DatumPlane shows. 
leader [Leader](66228564-d8b8-fc81-454c-e175528f7188.htm)
     The Leader for setting the datum plane. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if the leader is valid for set leader, false otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This datum plane has no leaders. -or- The DatumPlane should not have a leader.   
If the view or leader is null, it will throw ArgumentNullException; A valid leader meets the following conditions: 
  * The leader's End, Elbow and Anchor should lie in the View's plane
  * The End of the leader should be on the datum plane's curve(s)
  * The Elbow of the leader should be between the End and Anchor

#### Reference
[DatumPlane Class](3e0a6725-ee40-c4d5-839f-b7720c1fe2af.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)