# Transaction.Commit Method

---  
Commits all changes made to the model during the transaction. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public TransactionStatus Commit()
    
    Public Function Commit As TransactionStatus
    
    public:
    TransactionStatus Commit()
    
    member Commit : unit -> TransactionStatus 
#### Return Value
[TransactionStatus](29b9a7a8-6754-8310-e063-622b569bb6d5.htm) If finished successfully, this method returns TransactionStatus.Committed. 
Note it is possible the RolledBack status is returned instead as an outcome of failure handling. If TransactionStatus::Pending is returned it means that failure handling has not been finalized yet and Revit awaits a user actions. Until committing is fully finalized, no changes to the document can be made (including starting of new transactions).
The returned status does not have to be necessarily the same as the status returned by [GetStatus](fdf98941-eee4-d8af-e3f7-5b6c7ccc3c74.htm) even when the method is called immediately after committing the transaction. Such a difference may happen due to actions made by a transaction finalizer, if there was one set. (See [FailureHandlingOptions](c03bb2e5-f679-bf24-4e87-08b3c3a08385.htm) for more details.)
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The current status of the transaction is not 'Started'. Transaction must be started before calling Commit or Rollback. -or- The transaction's document is currently in failure mode. No transaction operations are permitted until failure handling is finished.   
By committing a transaction, all changes made to the model during the transaction are accepted. A new undo item will appear in the Undo menu in Revit, which allows the user to undo the changes. The undo item will have this transaction's name. Commit may only be called for a transaction that has been started. (Use the [GetStatus](fdf98941-eee4-d8af-e3f7-5b6c7ccc3c74.htm) method to check the current state.) Be aware that committing may fail or can be delayed (as a result of failure handling.) Callers should always check the returned status to test whether a transaction was committed successfully. Only after a transaction is successfully committed (or rolled back as a result of handling transaction failures), it may be started again. 
#### Reference
[Transaction Class](308ebf8d-d96d-4643-cd1d-34fffcea53fd.htm)
[Commit Overload](bb7917ec-9fc7-b0a8-e3b7-2b38015cbc08.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)