# Application.DocumentSavingAs Event

---  
Subscribe to the DocumentSavingAs event to be notified when Revit is just about to save the document with a new file name. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public event EventHandler<DocumentSavingAsEventArgs> DocumentSavingAs
    
    Public Event DocumentSavingAs As EventHandler(Of DocumentSavingAsEventArgs)
    
    public:
     event EventHandler<DocumentSavingAsEventArgs^>^ DocumentSavingAs {
    	void add (EventHandler<DocumentSavingAsEventArgs^>^ value);
    	void remove (EventHandler<DocumentSavingAsEventArgs^>^ value);
    }
    
    member DocumentSavingAs : IEvent<EventHandler<DocumentSavingAsEventArgs>,
        DocumentSavingAsEventArgs>
#### Value
EventHandler[DocumentSavingAsEventArgs](1bb9bb9f-be64-3c6f-804b-66fe6a2b0562.htm)
This event is raised when Revit is just about to save the document with a new file name. Note that the first save of a newly created document will raise DocumentSavingAs rather than [DocumentSaving](af9cc434-2934-d407-8ecf-960fc95ac569.htm) event. 
Handlers of this event are permitted to make modifications to any document (including the active document), except for documents that are currently in read-only mode. 
This event is cancellable, except when it is raised during close of the application. Check the 'Cancellable' property of event's argument to see whether it is cancellable or not. When it is cancellable, call the 'Cancel()' method of event's argument to cancel it. Your application is responsible for providing feedback to the user about the reason for the cancellation.
The following API functions are not available for the current document during this event: 
  * [Close](da2f27b9-7255-4950-82a2-86e1432ff9f0.htm) and similar overloads.
  * [Save](8dec13b6-71f4-45d2-74e3-b109153721b5.htm) .
  * [SaveAs(String)](25c44d4a-b220-5898-b28c-a2cf6a8a8673.htm) and similar overloads.

Exception [InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm) will be thrown if any of the above methods is called during this event.
Another event [DocumentSavedAs](6d3e2981-dfe0-fd33-9bd0-57e04815c4fd.htm) will be raised immediately after the document has been saved with a new file name.
#### Reference
[Application Class](94db8ea8-d2c3-5e71-8030-466bcb8e4426.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.htm)