# RevolvedSurface.IsValidProfileCurve(XYZ, XYZ, Curve) Method

---  
Checks if the input profile curve is valid to create a surface of revolution around the given axis. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool IsValidProfileCurve(
    	XYZ axisBasePoint,
    	XYZ axisDirection,
    	Curve profileCurve
    )
    
    Public Shared Function IsValidProfileCurve ( 
    	axisBasePoint As XYZ,
    	axisDirection As XYZ,
    	profileCurve As Curve
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool IsValidProfileCurve(
    	XYZ^ axisBasePoint, 
    	XYZ^ axisDirection, 
    	Curve^ profileCurve
    )
    
    static member IsValidProfileCurve : 
            axisBasePoint : XYZ * 
            axisDirection : XYZ * 
            profileCurve : Curve -> bool 
#### Parameters
axisBasePoint [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The base point of the axis of revolution. 
axisDirection [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The direction of the axis. 
profileCurve [Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.htm)
     The profile curve. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if the profile curve is valid; False otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
The validity is defined as follows: 
  * The profile curve is bounded and non-degenerate. 
  * It is co-planar with the axis of revolution. 
  * It lies on only one side of the axis. 
  * Only the end points of the profile curve can touch the axis. 

#### Reference
[RevolvedSurface Class](ce0b47e0-2b24-61f5-1434-87fe3ff70390.htm)
[IsValidProfileCurve Overload](b4ba507e-b41c-19a4-944c-4ad9b47e400e.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)