# AssetPropertyType Enumeration

---  
Enumerated type listing the type of asset property 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Visual](f5a10581-6ac2-be19-0e32-f87d05bc8b83.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum AssetPropertyType
    
    Public Enumeration AssetPropertyType
    
    public enum class AssetPropertyType
    
    type AssetPropertyType
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
Asset| 15|  Represents property Asset. The corresponding AssetProperty sub class is Asset.   
Boolean| 2|  Represents property Boolean. The corresponding AssetProperty sub class is AssetPropertyBoolean.   
Distance| 14|  Represents property Distance. The corresponding AssetProperty sub class is AssetPropertyDistance. Special.   
Double1| 6|  Represents property Double. The corresponding AssetProperty sub class is AssetPropertyDouble.   
Double2| 7|  Represents property 2d Double array. The corresponding AssetProperty sub class is AssetPropertyDoubleArray2d.   
Double3| 8|  Represents property 3d Double array. The corresponding AssetProperty sub class is AssetPropertyDoubleArray3d.   
Double4| 9|  Represents property 4d Double array. The corresponding AssetProperty sub class is AssetPropertyDoubleArray4d.   
Double44| 10|  Represents property 4x4 Double matrix. The corresponding AssetProperty sub class is AssetPropertyDoubleMatrix44.   
Enumeration| 3|  Represents property Enum. The corresponding AssetProperty sub class is AssetPropertyEnum.   
Float| 5|  Represents property Float. The corresponding AssetProperty sub class is AssetPropertyFloat.   
Float3| 20|  Represents property Float array. The corresponding AssetProperty sub class is AssetPropertyFloatArray.   
Integer| 4|  Represents property Integer. The corresponding AssetProperty sub class is AssetPropertyInteger.   
List| 19|  Represents property List. The corresponding AssetProperty sub class is AssetPropertyList.   
Longlong| 17|  Represents property Int64. The corresponding AssetProperty sub class is AssetPropertyInt64.   
Properties| 1|  Represents Properties. The corresponding AssetProperty sub class is AssetProperties.   
Reference| 16|  Represents property Reference. The corresponding AssetProperty sub class is AssetPropertyReference.   
String| 11|  Represents property String. The corresponding AssetProperty sub class is AssetPropertyString.   
Time| 12|  Represents property Time. The corresponding AssetProperty sub class is AssetPropertyTime.   
ULonglong| 18|  Represents property unsigned Int64. The corresponding AssetProperty sub class is AssetPropertyUInt64.   
Unknown| 0|  An unknown or unspecified property type.   
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Visual Namespace](f5a10581-6ac2-be19-0e32-f87d05bc8b83.htm)