# WorksharingUtils.GetModelUpdatesStatus Method

---  
Gets the status of a single element in the central model. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ModelUpdatesStatus GetModelUpdatesStatus(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId elementId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function GetModelUpdatesStatus ( 
    	document As Document,
    	elementId As ElementId
    ) As ModelUpdatesStatus
    
    public:
    static ModelUpdatesStatus GetModelUpdatesStatus(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ elementId
    )
    
    static member GetModelUpdatesStatus : 
            document : Document * 
            elementId : ElementId -> ModelUpdatesStatus 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document containing the element. 
elementId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the element. 
#### Return Value
[ModelUpdatesStatus](2fc35e00-cdf2-8368-e6a6-032725492cbe.htm) The status of the element in the local session versus the central model. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
This method returns a locally cached value which may not be up to date with the current state of the element in the central. Because of this, the return value is suitable for reporting to an interactive user (e.g. via a mechanism similar to Worksharing display mode), but cannot be considered a reliable indication of whether the element can be immediately edited by the application. Also, the return value may not be dependable in the middle of a local transaction. See the remarks on [WorksharingUtils](ae7857a0-4e9b-f9c1-84c7-8b250af68068.htm) for more details. 
For performance reasons, the model is not validated to be workshared, and the element id is also not validated; the element will not be expanded.
#### Reference
[WorksharingUtils Class](ae7857a0-4e9b-f9c1-84c7-8b250af68068.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)