# Railing.Create(Document, CurveLoop, ElementId, ElementId) Method

---  
Creates a new railing by specifying the railing path in the project document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Architecture](720f0c58-cb2b-4f13-374a-7348ed0a1cd3.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static Railing Create(
    	Document document,
    	CurveLoop curveLoop,
    	ElementId railingTypeId,
    	ElementId baseLevelId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	curveLoop As CurveLoop,
    	railingTypeId As ElementId,
    	baseLevelId As ElementId
    ) As Railing
    
    public:
    static Railing^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	CurveLoop^ curveLoop, 
    	ElementId^ railingTypeId, 
    	ElementId^ baseLevelId
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            curveLoop : CurveLoop * 
            railingTypeId : ElementId * 
            baseLevelId : ElementId -> Railing 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
curveLoop [CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.htm)
     The railing path along which the new railing will be created. The curveLoop should be continuous with curves which are only bounded lines and arcs on the same horizontal plane. It also has to have maximum two curves meet in one end point. 
railingTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The railing type of the new railing to be created. 
baseLevelId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The base level on which the new railing will be created. 
#### Return Value
[Railing](4af1265f-859e-123b-ada5-a479324f3dee.htm) The new railing instance if creation was successful, otherwise . 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The curveLoop must be a single connected path, located on the same horizontal plane and defined using lines or arcs only. It also has to have maximum two curves meet in one end point. -or- The railingTypeId is not a railing type. -or- The ElementId baseLevelId is not a Level.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[Railing Class](4af1265f-859e-123b-ada5-a479324f3dee.htm)
[Create Overload](decb8d86-ac62-3763-f4ed-fafa8b2fbc1d.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Architecture Namespace](720f0c58-cb2b-4f13-374a-7348ed0a1cd3.htm)