# FormattedText.SetSuperscriptStatus(TextRange, Boolean) Method

---  
Sets the characters in a given text range to be superscript or not superscript. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetSuperscriptStatus(
    	TextRange textRange,
    	bool isSuperscript
    )
    
    Public Sub SetSuperscriptStatus ( 
    	textRange As TextRange,
    	isSuperscript As Boolean
    )
    
    public:
    void SetSuperscriptStatus(
    	TextRange^ textRange, 
    	bool isSuperscript
    )
    
    member SetSuperscriptStatus : 
            textRange : TextRange * 
            isSuperscript : bool -> unit 
#### Parameters
textRange [TextRange](8a00baaf-8cb8-d9f0-e0a0-eaa5aa16e55e.htm)
     The given text range. 
isSuperscript Boolean
     The desired superscript status of characters in the given text range. True to set superscript, false to set not superscript. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  This text range is empty. -or- This start index of this text range is not within the text range identifying the entire text. -or- The end of this text range is not within the text range identifying the entire text.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
Superscript and subscript are mutually exclusive. Applying the superscript status will automatically remove the subscript status. 
The given text range should not be empty. 
#### Reference
[FormattedText Class](79a92343-2342-8325-1b51-f12c4fb05481.htm)
[SetSuperscriptStatus Overload](7fdfa2a6-fdfd-0781-caf3-7680bb0dae07.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)