# RebarCouplerError Enumeration

---  
Error states for the Rebar Coupler 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum RebarCouplerError
    
    Public Enumeration RebarCouplerError
    
    public enum class RebarCouplerError
    
    type RebarCouplerError
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
ArcsHaveDifferentCenters| 16|  Cannot place rebar couplers on arcs with different centers.   
ArcsHaveDifferentRadii| 15|  Cannot place rebar couplers on arcs with different radii.   
ArcToStraightSegment| 17|  Cannot connect by coupler a straight segment with an arc segment.   
BarSegementsAreNotParallel| 6|  The selected legs are not aligned.   
BarSegmentsAreNotOnSameLine| 7|  The selected legs are not aligned.   
BarSegmentSmallerThanEngagement| 13|  The selected leg is shorter than the bar engagement.   
BarsNotTouching| 3|  The selected ends of the bars are too far apart.   
BendingPlanesAreNotParallel| 18|  The bending planes of the connected bars are not parallel. This will be returned when connecting two shape-driven rebars whose bending planes are not parallel and the bar curves that need to be connected are not aligned.   
CurvesOtherThanLine| 12|  Cannot place rebar couplers on circular legs.   
DifferentLayout| 2|  The rebar sets have different numbers of bars.   
InconsistentShape| 8|  One of the selected bars has an incorrect shape.   
IncorrectEndTreatmentCoupler| 5|  The coupler cannot be placed at an end that already has a coupler.   
IncorrectEndTreatmentCrank| 19|  The coupler cannot be placed at an end that already has a crank.   
IncorrectEndTreatmentHook| 4|  The coupler cannot be placed at an end that already has a hook.   
IncorrectInputData| 1|  Cannot place rebar coupler.   
InvalidDiameter| 9|  The selected coupler type cannot be applied to the selected bar size(s).   
ValidationSuccessfuly| 0|  Bars can be coupled   
VaryingDistanceBetweenDistributionsBars| 14|  All the bars from the selected sets, which need to be connected, must be separated by the same distance.   
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)