# RebarFreeFormAccessor.CanBeHookNormal Method

---  
**Note: This API is now obsolete.**
A vector can be termination's (e.g. hook, crank) normal if for a bar specified by index, the bar direction is not parallel with the vector. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    [ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use RebarFreeFormAccessor.CanBeTerminationPlaneNormal instead.")]
    public bool CanBeHookNormal(
    	int barIndex,
    	int end,
    	XYZ normal
    )
    
    <ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use RebarFreeFormAccessor.CanBeTerminationPlaneNormal instead.")>
    Public Function CanBeHookNormal ( 
    	barIndex As Integer,
    	end As Integer,
    	normal As XYZ
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    [ObsoleteAttribute(L"This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use RebarFreeFormAccessor.CanBeTerminationPlaneNormal instead.")]
    bool CanBeHookNormal(
    	int barIndex, 
    	int end, 
    	XYZ^ normal
    )
    
    [<ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use RebarFreeFormAccessor.CanBeTerminationPlaneNormal instead.")>]
    member CanBeHookNormal : 
            barIndex : int * 
            end : int * 
            normal : XYZ -> bool 
#### Parameters
barIndex Int32
     The index of bar for which it will try to see if termination's plane normal is applicable. 
end Int32
     The end of bar. Should be 0 for start, 1 for end. 
normal [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The teriantion's (e.g. hook, crank) plane normal that will be tested. 
#### Return Value
Boolean A vector can be termination's (e.g. hook, crank) normal if for a bar specified by index, the bar direction is not parallel with the vector. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  barIndex is not in the range [ 0, NumberOfBarPositions-1 ]. -or- Invalid end.   
#### Reference
[RebarFreeFormAccessor Class](bf146aa3-f780-646e-c3cd-42e7a61d18e6.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)