# ElevationMarker.CreateReferenceElevation Method

---  
Creates a reference elevation on the ElevationMarker at the desired index. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void CreateReferenceElevation(
    	Document document,
    	int index,
    	ElementId viewIdToReference
    )
    
    Public Sub CreateReferenceElevation ( 
    	document As Document,
    	index As Integer,
    	viewIdToReference As ElementId
    )
    
    public:
    void CreateReferenceElevation(
    	Document^ document, 
    	int index, 
    	ElementId^ viewIdToReference
    )
    
    member CreateReferenceElevation : 
            document : Document * 
            index : int * 
            viewIdToReference : ElementId -> unit 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document to which the new reference elevation will be added. 
index Int32
     The index on the ElevationMarker where the reference elevation will be placed. 
viewIdToReference [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The view which will be referenced. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The ElementId viewIdToReference does not correspond to a View. -or- This view cannot be referenced by elevations. -or- index is occupied or out of range. -or- Elevation view creation is not allowed in this family.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Only reference elevations can be hosted on this ElevationMarker.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[ElevationMarker Class](ca59d2f7-4cd0-d13d-22a0-c153ac8310d4.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)