# Document.SaveCloudModel Method

---  
Saves cloud model. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SaveCloudModel()
    
    Public Sub SaveCloudModel
    
    public:
    void SaveCloudModel()
    
    member SaveCloudModel : unit -> unit 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[CentralModelAccessDeniedException](3e38b7b1-1ee8-c7f0-6cdd-bacf67bf61f4.htm)|  Could be for any of the reasons that related to access to the cloud model.   
[CentralModelContentionException](ad511076-c435-23c1-5720-1205c4ed28b9.htm)|  The central model is locked by another client.   
[CentralModelException](0e2ac15f-ca64-42c3-b3ef-e6f7ca1cb59a.htm)|  Could be for any of the reasons that fails with CentralModelException, for example, a central model with that name is already associated to the specified cloud project.   
[FileNotFoundException](73250198-dbc6-e760-4297-ec062f00f574.htm)|  Cannot access the local file.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This Document is not a primary document, it is a linked document. -or- This Document is read-only: It cannot be modified. -or- This Document has an open editing transaction and is accepting changes. -or- This Document is not a project document. -or- This Document is in an edit mode. -or- Saving is not allowed in the current application mode. -or- This Document does not have a central location: Worksharing needs to be enabled and central model saved. -or- The file is read-only, can not be saved. -or- This Document is a not cloud model, cannot execute this operation. -or- This Document is a workshared document. -or- Operation is not permitted when there is any open sub-transaction, transaction, or transaction group.   
[OperationCanceledException](aea34480-ceb5-b49f-129d-0799e7bb1c21.htm)|  Synchronize With Central was canceled by the user or by an API event callback.   
[RevitServerCommunicationException](a0003d89-0113-6623-65da-0db5c568bfb6.htm)|  Could be for any of the reasons related to network.   
[RevitServerInternalException](6dcd093c-d643-07cd-535f-36ffa9d2db52.htm)|  Could be for any of the reasons that save fails with RevitServerInternalException.   
[RevitServerUnauthenticatedUserException](b9b68e56-c767-4680-a65b-73d268ee8860.htm)|  User is not signed in with Autodesk id.   
[RevitServerUnauthorizedException](9e8c1efc-8719-fe01-f311-cfade7b177ed.htm)|  User is not authorized to access the specified cloud project.   
#### Reference
[Document Class](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)