# StairsEditScope.Start(ElementId, ElementId) Method

---  
Creates a new empty stairs element with a default stairs type in the specified levels and then starts stairs edit mode and editing the new stairs. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public ElementId Start(
    	ElementId baseLevelId,
    	ElementId topLevelId
    )
    
    Public Function Start ( 
    	baseLevelId As ElementId,
    	topLevelId As ElementId
    ) As ElementId
    
    public:
    ElementId^ Start(
    	ElementId^ baseLevelId, 
    	ElementId^ topLevelId
    )
    
    member Start : 
            baseLevelId : ElementId * 
            topLevelId : ElementId -> ElementId 
#### Parameters
baseLevelId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The base level on which the stairs is to be placed. 
topLevelId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The top level where the stairs is to reach. 
#### Return Value
[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm) ElementId of the new stairs. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  It is not a Level's id. -or- Top level should be higher than base level.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This StairsEditScope is not permitted to start at this moment for one of the following possible reasons: The document is in read-only state, or the document is currently modifiable, or there already is another edit mode active in the document.   
A new stairs will be created after this operation. User will need to start a transaction to actually make changes to the stairs element. StairsEditScope can only be started when there is no transaction active Thus it does not work for commands running in automatic transaction mode. 
#### Reference
[StairsEditScope Class](47e4576e-4b01-ed1f-6dc1-885b6780aa07.htm)
[Start Overload](f81f3ffd-4ed2-2917-1f2e-353433272c88.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)