# View.SetLinkOverrides Method

---  
Sets the graphic overrides of a [RevitLinkType](2204a5ab-6476-df41-116d-23dbe3cb5407.htm) or [RevitLinkInstance](a3a27c39-75bf-67d1-ae78-4cadd49a9c8e.htm) in the view. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetLinkOverrides(
    	ElementId linkId,
    	RevitLinkGraphicsSettings linkDisplaySettings
    )
    
    Public Sub SetLinkOverrides ( 
    	linkId As ElementId,
    	linkDisplaySettings As RevitLinkGraphicsSettings
    )
    
    public:
    void SetLinkOverrides(
    	ElementId^ linkId, 
    	RevitLinkGraphicsSettings^ linkDisplaySettings
    )
    
    member SetLinkOverrides : 
            linkId : ElementId * 
            linkDisplaySettings : RevitLinkGraphicsSettings -> unit 
#### Parameters
linkId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the [RevitLinkType](2204a5ab-6476-df41-116d-23dbe3cb5407.htm) or [RevitLinkInstance](a3a27c39-75bf-67d1-ae78-4cadd49a9c8e.htm). 
linkDisplaySettings [RevitLinkGraphicsSettings](2673e53a-632b-327d-2bb3-b07fce16b81e.htm)
     Settings representing all link graphic overrides in the view. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The input id is not a valid RevitLinkInstance or RevitLinkType id. -or- The LinkedViewId of linkDisplaySettings has incorrect value for the specified LinkVisibilityType. -or- The ViewFilterType of linkDisplaySettings has incorrect value. -or- The ViewRange of linkDisplaySettings has unsupported value. -or- The phase or pahse type of linkDisplaySettings has incorrect value for the specified LinkVisibilityType. -or- The phase filter or phase filter type of linkDisplaySettings has incorrect value for the specified LinkVisibilityType. -or- The view detail level or the type of view detail level of linkDisplaySettings has incorrect value for the specified LinkVisibilityType. -or- The discipline or the discipline type of linkDisplaySettings has incorrect value for the specified LinkVisibilityType. -or- The ColorFill of linkDisplaySettings has incorrect value for the specified LinkVisibilityType. -or- The ObjectStyles of linkDisplaySettings has incorrect value for the specified LinkVisibilityType. -or- The NestedLinks of linkDisplaySettings has incorrect value for the specified LinkVisibilityType.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The view type does not support Visibility/Graphics Overriddes. -or- The view does not support link graphical overrides.   
#### Reference
[View Class](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)