# AnalyticalOpening.Create Method

---  
Creates a new instance of an Analytical Opening within the project. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static AnalyticalOpening Create(
    	Document aDoc,
    	CurveLoop curveLoop,
    	ElementId panelId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	aDoc As Document,
    	curveLoop As CurveLoop,
    	panelId As ElementId
    ) As AnalyticalOpening
    
    public:
    static AnalyticalOpening^ Create(
    	Document^ aDoc, 
    	CurveLoop^ curveLoop, 
    	ElementId^ panelId
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            aDoc : Document * 
            curveLoop : CurveLoop * 
            panelId : ElementId -> AnalyticalOpening 
#### Parameters
aDoc [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     Revit document. 
curveLoop [CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.htm)
     CurveLoop for the Analytical Opening. 
panelId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     ElementId of the AnalyticalPanel on which we create the Opening. 
#### Return Value
[AnalyticalOpening](201af27b-c908-83b6-19f2-23d5fa9b69ed.htm) The newly created AnalyticalOpening instance. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  One of the following requirements is not satisfied : \- curve loop curveLoop is not planar \- curve loop curveLoop is self-intersecting \- curve loop curveLoop contains zero length curves \- curve loop curveLoop is not inside or does not intersect the AnalyticalPanel on which we want to create the Opening. \- panelId is not the ElementId of an AnalyticalPanel \- curve loop curveLoop is not in the same plane as the Analytical Panel   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
CurveLoop must be planar, not self-intersecting and in the same plane as the Analytical Panel. CurveLoop must intersect or to be inside the AnalyticalPanel contour. PanelId must be the ElementId of an AnalyticalPanel otherwise an exception is thrown. 
#### Reference
[AnalyticalOpening Class](201af27b-c908-83b6-19f2-23d5fa9b69ed.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)