# CompoundStructure.AddWallSweep Method

---  
Adds a new wall sweep or reveal to the compound structure. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void AddWallSweep(
    	WallSweepInfo wallSweepInfo
    )
    
    Public Sub AddWallSweep ( 
    	wallSweepInfo As WallSweepInfo
    )
    
    public:
    void AddWallSweep(
    	WallSweepInfo^ wallSweepInfo
    )
    
    member AddWallSweep : 
            wallSweepInfo : WallSweepInfo -> unit 
#### Parameters
wallSweepInfo [WallSweepInfo](140876fa-4c17-ad27-8a12-a4bf755e06f3.htm)
     The wall sweep info to create a wall sweep. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The wall sweep info does not represent a fixed wall sweep. Only fixed wall sweeps may be assigned to vertical compound structures. -or- The WallSweepInfo has an invalid id for a fixed wall sweep.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This operation is valid only for vertically compound structures.   
A wall sweep is an object that is created by sweeping a closed 2d profile along a horizontal line that is positioned on one side (exterior or interior) of the hosting wall. A reveal is a special wall sweep with a void shape that is subtracted from the hosting wall.
The id field of the WallSweepInfo must be populated with a non-negative integer value. If there already is a sweep defined for this id, its parameters will be changed. A new sweep will be created if no existing one has matching id.
#### Reference
[CompoundStructure Class](dc1a081e-8dab-565f-145d-a429098d353c.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)