# Railing.Create(Document, ElementId, ElementId, ElementId, RailingPlacementPosition) Method

---  
Creates new railings with the specified railing type on all sides of a stairs instance in a [MultistoryStairs](8b07cbff-013c-889f-8807-703e63a91923.htm) element. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Architecture](720f0c58-cb2b-4f13-374a-7348ed0a1cd3.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ISet<ElementId> Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId multistoryStairsId,
    	ElementId levelId,
    	ElementId railingTypeId,
    	RailingPlacementPosition placePosition
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	multistoryStairsId As ElementId,
    	levelId As ElementId,
    	railingTypeId As ElementId,
    	placePosition As RailingPlacementPosition
    ) As ISet(Of ElementId)
    
    public:
    static ISet<ElementId^>^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ multistoryStairsId, 
    	ElementId^ levelId, 
    	ElementId^ railingTypeId, 
    	RailingPlacementPosition placePosition
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            multistoryStairsId : ElementId * 
            levelId : ElementId * 
            railingTypeId : ElementId * 
            placePosition : RailingPlacementPosition -> ISet<ElementId> 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
multistoryStairsId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the [MultistoryStairs](8b07cbff-013c-889f-8807-703e63a91923.htm) that contains the stairs which will be the host of this railing. The stairs should have no associated railings yet. 
levelId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The level of stairs on which the new railing will be created. The level should be one of levels defining the [MultistoryStairs](8b07cbff-013c-889f-8807-703e63a91923.htm) element. 
railingTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The railing type of the new railing to be created. 
placePosition [RailingPlacementPosition](893811f2-d3ba-8ef4-a397-322416cfcbfd.htm)
     The placement position of the new railing. 
#### Return Value
ISet[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm) The new railing instances successfully created on the stairs. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The railingTypeId is not a railing type. -or- The ElementId levelId is not a Level. -or- The levelId is not a level of [MultistoryStairs](8b07cbff-013c-889f-8807-703e63a91923.htm) stairs element.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The multistoryStairsId already has associated railings or is in editing mode so association of railings is not permitted.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[Railing Class](4af1265f-859e-123b-ada5-a479324f3dee.htm)
[Create Overload](decb8d86-ac62-3763-f4ed-fafa8b2fbc1d.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Architecture Namespace](720f0c58-cb2b-4f13-374a-7348ed0a1cd3.htm)