# Document.EnableCloudWorksharing Method

---  
Enables cloud worksharing for a cloud model 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void EnableCloudWorksharing()
    
    Public Sub EnableCloudWorksharing
    
    public:
    void EnableCloudWorksharing()
    
    member EnableCloudWorksharing : unit -> unit 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[CentralModelAccessDeniedException](3e38b7b1-1ee8-c7f0-6cdd-bacf67bf61f4.htm)|  Access to the cloud model was denied due to lack of access privileges. -or- Access to the central model was denied. A possible reason is because the model was under maintenance.   
[CentralModelContentionException](ad511076-c435-23c1-5720-1205c4ed28b9.htm)|  The central model is locked by another client.   
[CentralModelException](0e2ac15f-ca64-42c3-b3ef-e6f7ca1cb59a.htm)|  The model in cloud is missing. -or- The model in cloud is incompatible. -or- The model in cloud is corrupt or not an RVT file. -or- The model in cloud was rolled back. -or- An internal error happened on the model in cloud , please contact the administrator.   
[FileNotFoundException](73250198-dbc6-e760-4297-ec062f00f574.htm)|  Cannot access the local cache.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This Document is not a primary document, it is a linked document. -or- This Document is read-only: It cannot be modified. -or- This Document has an open editing transaction and is accepting changes. -or- This Document is not a project document. -or- This Document is in an edit mode. -or- Saving is not allowed in the current application mode. -or- This Document does not have a central location: Worksharing needs to be enabled and central model saved. -or- The file is read-only, can not be saved. -or- The cloud model does not allow cloud worksharing to be enabled. -or- Operation is not permitted when there is any open sub-transaction, transaction, or transaction group.   
[RevitServerCommunicationException](a0003d89-0113-6623-65da-0db5c568bfb6.htm)|  Could be for any of the reasons related to network.   
[RevitServerInternalException](6dcd093c-d643-07cd-535f-36ffa9d2db52.htm)|  Could be for any of the reasons that conversion fails with RevitServerInternalException.   
[RevitServerUnauthenticatedUserException](b9b68e56-c767-4680-a65b-73d268ee8860.htm)|  User is not signed in with Autodesk id.   
[RevitServerUnauthorizedException](9e8c1efc-8719-fe01-f311-cfade7b177ed.htm)|  You do not have workshared cloud model entitlement to access this resource in cloud -or- User is not authorized to access the specified cloud project.   
This operation will convert an existing cloud model to a workshared cloud model. This method cannot be used if current model is not a cloud model. This method cannot be used if the current user doesn't have the workshared cloud model entitlement. 
#### Reference
[Document Class](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)