# GlobalParameter.IsReporting Property

---  
Indicates whether this is a reporting global parameter or not. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public bool IsReporting { get; set; }
    
    Public Property IsReporting As Boolean
    	Get
    	Set
    
    public:
    property bool IsReporting {
    	bool get ();
    	void set (bool value);
    }
    
    member IsReporting : bool with get, set
#### Property Value
Boolean True if the parameter is reporting, False otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  When setting this property: This is a formula-driven parameter. As such it does not allow the current operation. -or- When setting this property: This non-reporting global parameter has already labeled other dimensions (more then 1). It cannot, therefore, be made reporting and dimension-driven before un-labeling all the dependent dimensions first. -or- When setting this property: The global parameter is not of a type that may be used with reporting. Generally, a reporting parameter must be either of type Length or Angle. -or- When setting this property: Currently reporting parameters may not be changed if they are driven by a dimension that cannot have its value set by a global parameter, such as an arc-length, locked, or multi-segment dimension.   
When a global parameter is declared as reporting, it takes its value from the one driving dimension it is set to label. To be declared as reporting, a parameter must be labeling no more than one single-segment dimension. If a global parameter is not labeling any dimensions at the time it is declared as reporting, its value stays unchanged until a driving dimension is labeled with it.
Reporting parameters can be (currently) only of type **Length** or **Angle** , but programmers can always call the [HasValidTypeForReporting](8ec3a25e-018b-8903-01d1-6201531c50a0.htm) first when in doubt about whether a global parameter has a data type eligible for reporting.
#### Reference
[GlobalParameter Class](b0e53a4a-84ad-abb4-358d-9797870f101b.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)