# Plane.CreateByOriginAndBasis Method

---  
Creates a Plane object defined by the two orthogonal unit vectors and passing through the origin point supplied as arguments. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static Plane CreateByOriginAndBasis(
    	XYZ origin,
    	XYZ basisX,
    	XYZ basisY
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreateByOriginAndBasis ( 
    	origin As XYZ,
    	basisX As XYZ,
    	basisY As XYZ
    ) As Plane
    
    public:
    static Plane^ CreateByOriginAndBasis(
    	XYZ^ origin, 
    	XYZ^ basisX, 
    	XYZ^ basisY
    )
    
    static member CreateByOriginAndBasis : 
            origin : XYZ * 
            basisX : XYZ * 
            basisY : XYZ -> Plane 
#### Parameters
origin [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     Plane origin. Expected to lie within the Revit design limits [IsWithinLengthLimits(XYZ)](ac2171af-4250-8a30-faa7-4d7030d29a03.htm). 
basisX [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     First of the two unit vectors that define the plane. Must be orthogonal to the second one. 
basisY [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     Second of the two unit vectors that define the plane. Must be orthogonal to the first one. 
#### Return Value
[Plane](6a6ee978-f114-558d-3c69-00d289aa855f.htm)
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The input point lies outside of Revit design limits.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  basisX is not length 1.0. -or- basisY is not length 1.0.   
[ArgumentsInconsistentException](05972c68-fa6d-3a83-d720-ad84fbc4780f.htm)|  The vectors basisX and basisY are not perpendicular.   
The parametric equation of the plane is S(u, v) = origin + u*basisX + v*basisY. The plane's normal is defined as basisX.Cross(basisY). 
#### Reference
[Plane Class](6a6ee978-f114-558d-3c69-00d289aa855f.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)