# FamilyItemFactory.NewExtrusion Method

---  
Add a new Extrusion instance into the Autodesk Revit family document.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public Extrusion NewExtrusion(
    	bool isSolid,
    	CurveArrArray profile,
    	SketchPlane sketchPlane,
    	double end
    )
    
    Public Function NewExtrusion ( 
    	isSolid As Boolean,
    	profile As CurveArrArray,
    	sketchPlane As SketchPlane,
    	end As Double
    ) As Extrusion
    
    public:
    Extrusion^ NewExtrusion(
    	bool isSolid, 
    	CurveArrArray^ profile, 
    	SketchPlane^ sketchPlane, 
    	double end
    )
    
    member NewExtrusion : 
            isSolid : bool * 
            profile : CurveArrArray * 
            sketchPlane : SketchPlane * 
            end : float -> Extrusion 
#### Parameters
isSolid Boolean
    Indicates if the Extrusion is Solid or Void.
profile [CurveArrArray](c9d071fe-9724-42ed-e280-57381cd44301.htm)
    The profile of the newly created Extrusion. This may contain more than one curve loop. Each loop must be a fully closed curve loop and the loops may not intersect. All input curves must lie in the same plane. The loop can be a unbound circle or ellipse, but its geometry will be split in two in order to satisfy requirements for sketches used in extrusions.
sketchPlane [SketchPlane](ba104029-d175-7e75-caef-667a4281f4af.htm)
    The sketch plane for the extrusion. The direction of extrusion is determined by the normal for the sketch plane. To extrude in the other direction set the end value to negative.
end Double
    The length of the extrusion.
#### Return Value
[Extrusion](1d8cca8f-0ef5-0cb6-a33b-f044b968cd89.htm)If creation was successful the new Extrusion is returned, otherwise an exception with failure information will be thrown.
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument-profile-is  or empty array.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument-sketchPlane-is .   
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument-sketchPlane-is an invalid sketch plane.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when the creation failed.   
This method creates an extrusion in a family document. The extrusion will be extended perpendicular to the sketch plane of the extrusion profile. 
#### Reference
[FamilyItemFactory Class](a7622967-1381-c17f-ed04-1ebe40da0440.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)