# FabricSheetType.SetMinorLayoutAsFixedNumber Method

---  
Sets the major layout pattern as FixedNumber, while specifying the needed parameters for this pattern. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetMinorLayoutAsFixedNumber(
    	double overallLength,
    	double majorStartOverhang,
    	double majorEndOverhang,
    	int numberOfWires
    )
    
    Public Sub SetMinorLayoutAsFixedNumber ( 
    	overallLength As Double,
    	majorStartOverhang As Double,
    	majorEndOverhang As Double,
    	numberOfWires As Integer
    )
    
    public:
    void SetMinorLayoutAsFixedNumber(
    	double overallLength, 
    	double majorStartOverhang, 
    	double majorEndOverhang, 
    	int numberOfWires
    )
    
    member SetMinorLayoutAsFixedNumber : 
            overallLength : float * 
            majorStartOverhang : float * 
            majorEndOverhang : float * 
            numberOfWires : int -> unit 
#### Parameters
overallLength Double
     The entire length of the wire sheet in the major direction. 
majorStartOverhang Double
     The distance from the edge of the sheet to the first wire in the major direction. 
majorEndOverhang Double
     The distance from the last wire to the edge of the sheet in the major direction. 
numberOfWires Int32
     The number of the wires to set in the minor direction. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The given value for overallLength is not a number -or- The given value for majorStartOverhang is not a number -or- The given value for majorEndOverhang is not a number -or- numberOfWires must range from 2 to 1000000. -or- The arguments are not consistent, please specify proper input values.   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  The given value for overallLength must be greater than 0 and no more than 30000 feet. -or- The given value for majorStartOverhang must be between 0 and 30000 feet. -or- The given value for majorEndOverhang must be between 0 and 30000 feet.   
#### Reference
[FabricSheetType Class](892f0ce6-5548-d299-c976-9355ac4109ee.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)