# ScheduleDefinition.InsertField(ScheduleFieldType, ElementId, Int32) Method

---  
Adds a regular field at the specified position in the list. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public ScheduleField InsertField(
    	ScheduleFieldType fieldType,
    	ElementId parameterId,
    	int index
    )
    
    Public Function InsertField ( 
    	fieldType As ScheduleFieldType,
    	parameterId As ElementId,
    	index As Integer
    ) As ScheduleField
    
    public:
    ScheduleField^ InsertField(
    	ScheduleFieldType fieldType, 
    	ElementId^ parameterId, 
    	int index
    )
    
    member InsertField : 
            fieldType : ScheduleFieldType * 
            parameterId : ElementId * 
            index : int -> ScheduleField 
#### Parameters
fieldType [ScheduleFieldType](9888db7d-00d0-4fd7-a1a9-cdd1fb5fce16.htm)
     The type of data displayed by the field. 
parameterId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The ID of the parameter displayed by the field. 
index Int32
     The index in the list of fields. 
#### Return Value
[ScheduleField](3d6b0eb5-ed36-278d-a5df-38b6d600e876.htm) The new field. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  index is not a valid insert position. -or- A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
[ArgumentsInconsistentException](05972c68-fa6d-3a83-d720-ad84fbc4780f.htm)|  The field specified by fieldType and parameterId may not included in this ScheduleDefinition. -or- The field specified by fieldType and parameterId is already included in this ScheduleDefinition.   
#### Reference
[ScheduleDefinition Class](420696e3-f3ec-1a1d-1205-36a8119d81e5.htm)
[InsertField Overload](31528702-22e7-f515-5edc-9356585e3bc1.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)