# WorksetTable.DeleteWorkset Method

---  
Delete the specific workset. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static void DeleteWorkset(
    	Document document,
    	WorksetId worksetId,
    	DeleteWorksetSettings deleteWorksetSettings
    )
    
    Public Shared Sub DeleteWorkset ( 
    	document As Document,
    	worksetId As WorksetId,
    	deleteWorksetSettings As DeleteWorksetSettings
    )
    
    public:
    static void DeleteWorkset(
    	Document^ document, 
    	WorksetId^ worksetId, 
    	DeleteWorksetSettings^ deleteWorksetSettings
    )
    
    static member DeleteWorkset : 
            document : Document * 
            worksetId : WorksetId * 
            deleteWorksetSettings : DeleteWorksetSettings -> unit 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document containing the worksets. 
worksetId [WorksetId](8bece327-c269-8101-b4c2-38632f593fe6.htm)
     The id of the workset to delete. 
deleteWorksetSettings [DeleteWorksetSettings](1952e14e-42d8-d672-0e72-d5fb1a83b73a.htm)
     The settings to delete a workset. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  document is not a workshared document. -or- document is not a primary document, it is a linked document. -or- document is read-only: It cannot be modified. -or- There is no workset in the document with this id. -or- Workset cannot be deleted.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
[RegenerationFailedException](787bb389-74c2-5ce7-cdd6-32211209ded2.htm)|  The document regeneration fails during the DeleteWorkset operation.   
Please checkout the workset before executing this method. The method may fail in some situations that mentioned in [CanDeleteWorkset(Document, WorksetId, DeleteWorksetSettings)](6a120bcb-6b51-f8c4-2f59-e21b15c31b6a.htm). Another failure case is the Transaction failure due to "Deleting all open views in a project is not allowed." 
#### Reference
[WorksetTable Class](9ffa5fc8-e6a5-17d6-590e-8ecbfd7b85fb.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)