# Element.ChangeTypeId(ElementId) Method

---  
Changes the type of the element. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public ElementId ChangeTypeId(
    	ElementId typeId
    )
    
    Public Function ChangeTypeId ( 
    	typeId As ElementId
    ) As ElementId
    
    public:
    ElementId^ ChangeTypeId(
    	ElementId^ typeId
    )
    
    member ChangeTypeId : 
            typeId : ElementId -> ElementId 
#### Parameters
typeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Identifier of the type to assign to this element. 
#### Return Value
[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm) The new element id if new element is created, or InvalidElementId if the element's type changed without creating a new element. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The type typeId is not valid for this element.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This Element cannot have type assigned.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  This Element is an internal element, such as a component of a loaded family or a group type. -or- The document containing this Element is in Group Edit Mode, Sketch Edit Mode, or Paste Mode, and the element is not a member of the group, sketch, or clipboard. -or- This Element is a member of a group or sketch, and the document is not currently editing the group or sketch.   
In rare cases, applying a change in type will result in a new element being created. The only active examples of this are when applying a normal wall type to a curtain panel, or converting such a wall back to a curtain panel. In this situation the new element id is returned. Also, this element becomes invalid. See also: [IsModifiable](65f9f835-daaa-3efa-2976-3f932aa18366.htm). 
#### Reference
[Element Class](eb16114f-69ea-f4de-0d0d-f7388b105a16.htm)
[ChangeTypeId Overload](7f875907-d138-999a-a8fb-83717ed07680.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)