# FamilyItemFactory.NewExtrusionForm Method

---  
Create new Form element by Extrude operation, and add it into the Autodesk Revit family document.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public Form NewExtrusionForm(
    	bool isSolid,
    	ReferenceArray profile,
    	XYZ direction
    )
    
    Public Function NewExtrusionForm ( 
    	isSolid As Boolean,
    	profile As ReferenceArray,
    	direction As XYZ
    ) As Form
    
    public:
    Form^ NewExtrusionForm(
    	bool isSolid, 
    	ReferenceArray^ profile, 
    	XYZ^ direction
    )
    
    member NewExtrusionForm : 
            isSolid : bool * 
            profile : ReferenceArray * 
            direction : XYZ -> Form 
#### Parameters
isSolid Boolean
    Indicates if the Form is Solid or Void.
profile [ReferenceArray](bc9192b5-6666-a8de-0128-87dae479fd6a.htm)
    The profile of extrusion. It should consist of only one curve loop.
direction [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
    The direction of extrusion, with its length the length of the extrusion. The direction must be perpendicular to the plane determined by profile. The length of vector must be non-zero.
#### Return Value
[Form](49f6ae4c-1629-98ef-d9a9-799bb1fd43ec.htm)If creation was successful new form is returned.
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when creation is attempted in Conceptual Mass, 2D, or other family where extrusions cannot be created.   
#### Reference
[FamilyItemFactory Class](a7622967-1381-c17f-ed04-1ebe40da0440.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)