# FabricationPart.SetDimensionValue Method

---  
Sets the fabrication dimension value. The value is in Revit internal units. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetDimensionValue(
    	FabricationDimensionDefinition dim,
    	double newValue
    )
    
    Public Sub SetDimensionValue ( 
    	dim As FabricationDimensionDefinition,
    	newValue As Double
    )
    
    public:
    void SetDimensionValue(
    	FabricationDimensionDefinition^ dim, 
    	double newValue
    )
    
    member SetDimensionValue : 
            dim : FabricationDimensionDefinition * 
            newValue : float -> unit 
#### Parameters
dim [FabricationDimensionDefinition](cfa213e3-6734-2321-4849-c6e159d77fd0.htm)
     The fabrication dimension. 
newValue Double
     The dimension value. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  fabrication dimension is unable to be modified because it is locked or from a product list. -or- the fabrication dimension is unable to be modified because it will affect the geometry of a connected end.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  the fabrication dimension is unable to be modified because the fabrication part is connected to more than one object. -or- the fabrication dimension cannot be set to the value: newValue.   
Multiple dimensions may need to be set in order to reach the desired outcome. The document must be regenerated before the fabrication part can be used. Check [ValidationStatus](9d208301-607f-45b0-d5af-e20b2e6a92ed.htm) after regeneration to see if the part is valid for fabrication. 
#### Reference
[FabricationPart Class](c9b86162-c105-696a-a919-49a7a7938cc4.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)