# BuildingType Enumeration

---  
This enumeration is used for specifying the most predominant building use type. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum BuildingType
    
    Public Enumeration BuildingType
    
    public enum class BuildingType
    
    type BuildingType
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
kAutomotiveFacility| 0| Building Type is AutomotiveFacility.  
kConventionCenter| 1| Building Type is ConventionCenter.  
kCourthouse| 2| Building Type is Courthouse.  
kDiningBarLoungeOrLeisure| 3| Building Type is DiningBarLoungeOrLeisure.  
kDiningCafeteriaFastFood| 4| Building Type is DiningCafeteriaFastFood.  
kDiningFamily| 5| Building Type is DiningFamily.  
kDormitory| 6| Building Type is Dormitory.  
kExerciseCenter| 7| Building Type is ExerciseCenter.  
kFireStation| 8| Building Type is FireStation.  
kGymnasium| 9| Building Type is Gymnasium.  
kHospitalOrHealthcare| 10| Building Type is HospitalOrHealthcare.  
kHotel| 11| Building Type is Hotel.  
kLibrary| 12| Building Type is Library.  
kManufacturing| 13| Building Type is Manufacturing.  
kMotel| 14| Building Type is Motel.  
kMotionPictureTheatre| 15| Building Type is MotionPictureTheatre.  
kMultiFamily| 16| Building Type is MultiFamily.  
kMuseum| 17| Building Type is Museum.  
kNoOfBuildingTypes| -1| Building Type is NoOfBuildingTypes.  
kOffice| 18| Building Type is Office.  
kParkingGarage| 19| Building Type is ParkingGarage.  
kPenitentiary| 20| Building Type is Penitentiary.  
kPerformingArtsTheater| 21| Building Type is PerformingArtsTheater.  
kPoliceStation| 22| Building Type is PoliceStation.  
kPostOffice| 23| Building Type is PostOffice.  
kReligiousBuilding| 24| Building Type is ReligiousBuilding.  
kRetail| 25| Building Type is Retail.  
kSchoolOrUniversity| 26| Building Type is SchoolOrUniversity.  
kSportsArena| 27| Building Type is SportsArena.  
kTownHall| 28| Building Type is TownHall.  
kTransportation| 29| Building Type is Transportation.  
kWarehouse| 30| Building Type is Warehouse.  
kWorkshop| 31| Building Type is Workshop.  
This enumerated list corresponds to the buildingType attribute in the gbXML (Green Building XML) schema and is primarily used for energy analysis. 
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)