# RebarConstraint.IsValidSurfaceToConstraintHandleTo Method

---  
Checks if the surface can be used to create a constraint to it for the input handle. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool IsValidSurfaceToConstraintHandleTo(
    	RebarConstrainedHandle handle,
    	Surface surface
    )
    
    Public Shared Function IsValidSurfaceToConstraintHandleTo ( 
    	handle As RebarConstrainedHandle,
    	surface As Surface
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool IsValidSurfaceToConstraintHandleTo(
    	RebarConstrainedHandle^ handle, 
    	Surface^ surface
    )
    
    static member IsValidSurfaceToConstraintHandleTo : 
            handle : RebarConstrainedHandle * 
            surface : Surface -> bool 
#### Parameters
handle [RebarConstrainedHandle](08b4c4a3-3bb9-0801-9cc8-cd5420a306d9.htm)
     The handle of the rebar that will be constrained. 
surface [Surface](bb391358-5ca0-578d-e8e2-6d1b30c472d8.htm)
     The surface that will be tested. 
#### Return Value
Boolean Returns true if the surface can be used to create a constraint to it for the input handle. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
If the handle belongs to a free from rebar will return false.
If the input plane is almost perpendicular (the angle between surfaces is between 84 or 96 degrees) will return false.
If the input handle is Rebar Plane or Out Of Plane Extents and the surface isn't a plane will return false.
If the input handle is a segment of a bar whose shape has a RebarShapeDefinitionBySegments definition and the surface isn't a cylinder surface will return false.
For any other cases will return true
#### Reference
[RebarConstraint Class](748823c8-f059-68c1-d7b5-7cfaba93a445.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)