# PathReinforcement.GetOrCreateDefaultRebarShape Method

---  
Creates a new RebarShape object with a default name or returns existing one which fulfills Path Reinforcement bending data requirements. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ElementId GetOrCreateDefaultRebarShape(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId rebarBarTypeId,
    	ElementId startRebarHookTypeId,
    	ElementId endRebarHookTypeId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function GetOrCreateDefaultRebarShape ( 
    	document As Document,
    	rebarBarTypeId As ElementId,
    	startRebarHookTypeId As ElementId,
    	endRebarHookTypeId As ElementId
    ) As ElementId
    
    public:
    static ElementId^ GetOrCreateDefaultRebarShape(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ rebarBarTypeId, 
    	ElementId^ startRebarHookTypeId, 
    	ElementId^ endRebarHookTypeId
    )
    
    static member GetOrCreateDefaultRebarShape : 
            document : Document * 
            rebarBarTypeId : ElementId * 
            startRebarHookTypeId : ElementId * 
            endRebarHookTypeId : ElementId -> ElementId 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
rebarBarTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the RebarBarType. 
startRebarHookTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the RebarHookType for the start of the bar. If this parameter is InvalidElementId, it means to create a rebar with no start hook. 
endRebarHookTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the RebarHookType for the end of the bar. If this parameter is InvalidElementId, it means to create a rebar with no end hook. 
#### Return Value
[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm) Rebar Shape id. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  rebarBarTypeId should refer to an RebarBarType element. -or- startRebarHookTypeId should be invalid or refer to an RebarHookType element. -or- endRebarHookTypeId should be invalid or refer to an RebarHookType element.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
#### Reference
[PathReinforcement Class](1593a849-b883-73d4-7c02-a2522877d71d.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)