# RebarFreeFormAccessor.IsBarMatchedWithShapeInReverseOrder Method

---  
Checks if the bar at index barPositionIndex it's matched in reversed order with its shape. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public bool IsBarMatchedWithShapeInReverseOrder(
    	int barPositionIndex
    )
    
    Public Function IsBarMatchedWithShapeInReverseOrder ( 
    	barPositionIndex As Integer
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    bool IsBarMatchedWithShapeInReverseOrder(
    	int barPositionIndex
    )
    
    member IsBarMatchedWithShapeInReverseOrder : 
            barPositionIndex : int -> bool 
#### Parameters
barPositionIndex Int32
     An index between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1). 
#### Return Value
Boolean Returns true if the bar is matched in reversed order with its shape, false otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  barPositionIndex is not in the range [ 0, NumberOfBarPositions-1 ].   
If this Rebar has Workshop Instructions set to Straight will return false for all barPositionIndex between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1).
If this Rebar has Workshop Instructions set to Bent there are different cases: 
  * All bars are matched exactly with a shape. In this case will return false for all barPositionIndex between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1).
  * All bars are matched in reversed order with a shape. In this case the Rebar will be reversed and will return false for all barPositionIndex between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1).
  * Some bars are matched in reversed order and the others are matched exactly with a shape. For the bars matched in reversed order will return true and for the others will return false

#### Reference
[RebarFreeFormAccessor Class](bf146aa3-f780-646e-c3cd-42e7a61d18e6.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)