# RebarShape.Create(Document, RebarShapeDefinition, RebarShapeMultiplanarDefinition, RebarStyle, StirrupTieAttachmentType, Int32, RebarHookOrientation, Int32, RebarHookOrientation, Int32, Double, Double, ElementId, ElementId) Method

---  
**Note: This API is now obsolete.**
Create a new instance of a Rebar Shape, which defines the shape of a rebar. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    [ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use RebarShape.Create(Document doc, RebarShapeDefinition definition, RebarShapeMultiplanarDefinition multiplanarDefinition, RebarStyle style, StirrupTieAttachmentType attachmentType, int higherEnd, RebarShapeTerminationsData rebarShapeTerminationsData) instead")]
    public static RebarShape Create(
    	Document doc,
    	RebarShapeDefinition definition,
    	RebarShapeMultiplanarDefinition multiplanarDefinition,
    	RebarStyle style,
    	StirrupTieAttachmentType attachmentType,
    	int startHookAngle,
    	RebarHookOrientation startHookOrientation,
    	int endHookAngle,
    	RebarHookOrientation endHookOrientation,
    	int higherEnd,
    	double terminationRotationAngleAtStart,
    	double terminationRotationAngleAtEnd,
    	ElementId endTreatmentTypeIdAtStart,
    	ElementId endTreatmentTypeIdAtEnd
    )
    
    <ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use RebarShape.Create(Document doc, RebarShapeDefinition definition, RebarShapeMultiplanarDefinition multiplanarDefinition, RebarStyle style, StirrupTieAttachmentType attachmentType, int higherEnd, RebarShapeTerminationsData rebarShapeTerminationsData) instead")>
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	doc As Document,
    	definition As RebarShapeDefinition,
    	multiplanarDefinition As RebarShapeMultiplanarDefinition,
    	style As RebarStyle,
    	attachmentType As StirrupTieAttachmentType,
    	startHookAngle As Integer,
    	startHookOrientation As RebarHookOrientation,
    	endHookAngle As Integer,
    	endHookOrientation As RebarHookOrientation,
    	higherEnd As Integer,
    	terminationRotationAngleAtStart As Double,
    	terminationRotationAngleAtEnd As Double,
    	endTreatmentTypeIdAtStart As ElementId,
    	endTreatmentTypeIdAtEnd As ElementId
    ) As RebarShape
    
    public:
    [ObsoleteAttribute(L"This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use RebarShape.Create(Document doc, RebarShapeDefinition definition, RebarShapeMultiplanarDefinition multiplanarDefinition, RebarStyle style, StirrupTieAttachmentType attachmentType, int higherEnd, RebarShapeTerminationsData rebarShapeTerminationsData) instead")]
    static RebarShape^ Create(
    	Document^ doc, 
    	RebarShapeDefinition^ definition, 
    	RebarShapeMultiplanarDefinition^ multiplanarDefinition, 
    	RebarStyle style, 
    	StirrupTieAttachmentType attachmentType, 
    	int startHookAngle, 
    	RebarHookOrientation startHookOrientation, 
    	int endHookAngle, 
    	RebarHookOrientation endHookOrientation, 
    	int higherEnd, 
    	double terminationRotationAngleAtStart, 
    	double terminationRotationAngleAtEnd, 
    	ElementId^ endTreatmentTypeIdAtStart, 
    	ElementId^ endTreatmentTypeIdAtEnd
    )
    
    [<ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use RebarShape.Create(Document doc, RebarShapeDefinition definition, RebarShapeMultiplanarDefinition multiplanarDefinition, RebarStyle style, StirrupTieAttachmentType attachmentType, int higherEnd, RebarShapeTerminationsData rebarShapeTerminationsData) instead")>]
    static member Create : 
            doc : Document * 
            definition : RebarShapeDefinition * 
            multiplanarDefinition : RebarShapeMultiplanarDefinition * 
            style : RebarStyle * 
            attachmentType : StirrupTieAttachmentType * 
            startHookAngle : int * 
            startHookOrientation : RebarHookOrientation * 
            endHookAngle : int * 
            endHookOrientation : RebarHookOrientation * 
            higherEnd : int * 
            terminationRotationAngleAtStart : float * 
            terminationRotationAngleAtEnd : float * 
            endTreatmentTypeIdAtStart : ElementId * 
            endTreatmentTypeIdAtEnd : ElementId -> RebarShape 
#### Parameters
doc [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     A document to contain the RebarShape. 
definition [RebarShapeDefinition](bb1f59be-c95e-a45b-8d2b-8121df179676.htm)
     The definition of the rebar shape, as a set of curves in a plane driven by parameters. 
multiplanarDefinition [RebarShapeMultiplanarDefinition](47a3135c-ce53-c041-f551-0795767eaa41.htm)
     If not , the created RebarShape will be a 3D shape. The shape is built out of the planar RebarShapeDefinition, with additional out-of-plane segments defined by the RebarShapeMultiplanarDefinition object. Not supported in conjunction with RebarShapeDefinitionByArc of type Spiral or LappedCircle. 
style [RebarStyle](a9ac65a6-29e6-25e5-caca-502e21385f47.htm)
     Whether the shape is to be used as a standard bar or a stirrup/tie. 
attachmentType [StirrupTieAttachmentType](01887c64-36b1-1f7f-5ff9-1fb3ba4f3023.htm)
     When the style is stirrup/tie, specify whether it will attach to the interior of cover (cover is measured to the stirrups), or to the exterior of cover (cover is measured to the standard bars). Ignored when the style is Standard. 
startHookAngle Int32
     The start hook angle, expressed as an integral number of degrees. If 0, the shape will have no start hook. Common values are 0, 90, 135, and 180. 
startHookOrientation [RebarHookOrientation](e8365754-0811-8d4e-864a-55bf34af3a87.htm)
     The orientation of the start hook. Ignored when startHookAngle is 0. 
endHookAngle Int32
     The end hook angle, expressed as an integral number of degrees. If 0, the shape will have no end hook. Common values are 0, 90, 135, and 180. 
endHookOrientation [RebarHookOrientation](e8365754-0811-8d4e-864a-55bf34af3a87.htm)
     The orientation of the end hook. Ignored when endHookAngle is 0. 
higherEnd Int32
     When the rebar crosses itself, one end will be "lifted" to avoid self-intersection. Specify which end should be lifted: 0 for start, 1 for end. 
terminationRotationAngleAtStart Double
     The termination's (e.g hook) out of plane rotation angle at the start of the bar. 
terminationRotationAngleAtEnd Double
     The termination's (e.g hook) out of plane rotation angle at the end of the bar. 
endTreatmentTypeIdAtStart [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The end treatment type id at the start of the bar. 
endTreatmentTypeIdAtEnd [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The end treatment type id at the end of the bar. 
#### Return Value
[RebarShape](0a370e32-eaba-785e-7e1f-9330929525fc.htm) A new RebarShape instance. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  definition is linked to a Document other than doc. -or- A multiplanar definition is specified when the given RebarShapeDefinition does not support it. The following RebarShapeDefinitions do not support multiplanar: a simple line; spiral; lapped circle. -or- The DepthParamId property of multiplanarDefinition is invalid or has not been added to definition. -or- the parameter endTreatmentTypeIdAtStart is not an EndTreatmentType element. -or- the parameter endTreatmentTypeIdAtEnd is not an EndTreatmentType element. -or- The given value for terminationRotationAngleAtStart is not finite -or- The given value for terminationRotationAngleAtEnd is not finite   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  startHookAngle must be at least 0 and no more than 180. -or- endHookAngle must be at least 0 and no more than 180. -or- higherEnd must be 0 or 1. -or- A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
#### Reference
[RebarShape Class](0a370e32-eaba-785e-7e1f-9330929525fc.htm)
[Create Overload](dd926f0a-458d-d64d-1c85-07f3d2c68baa.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)