# ControlledApplication.DocumentPrinting Event

---  
Subscribe to the DocumentPrinting event to be notified when Revit is just about to print a view or ViewSet of the document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public event EventHandler<DocumentPrintingEventArgs> DocumentPrinting
    
    Public Event DocumentPrinting As EventHandler(Of DocumentPrintingEventArgs)
    
    public:
     event EventHandler<DocumentPrintingEventArgs^>^ DocumentPrinting {
    	void add (EventHandler<DocumentPrintingEventArgs^>^ value);
    	void remove (EventHandler<DocumentPrintingEventArgs^>^ value);
    }
    
    member DocumentPrinting : IEvent<EventHandler<DocumentPrintingEventArgs>,
        DocumentPrintingEventArgs>
#### Value
EventHandler[DocumentPrintingEventArgs](cae91da6-7e05-e47c-5957-15330428c303.htm)
This event is raised when Revit is just about to print a view or ViewSet of the document. This document-level event precedes the application-level event of the same name.
Handlers of this event are permitted to make modifications to any document (including the active document), except for documents that are currently in read-only mode. 
Event is cancellable. To cancel it, call the 'Cancel()' method of event's argument to True. Your application is responsible for providing feedback to the user about the reason for the cancellation.
The following API functions are not available for current document during this event: 
  * All overloads of Autodesk.Revit.DB.Document.Export()
  * Autodesk::Revit::DB::Document::Print
  * [Print](1ea1e825-8044-7a27-d9b9-ca463443c3b9.htm) and similar overloads.
  * [SubmitPrint](0c9524b7-33b5-8c76-2843-c7024f03e4d7.htm) and similar overloads.
  * [Close](da2f27b9-7255-4950-82a2-86e1432ff9f0.htm) and similar overloads.
  * [Save](8dec13b6-71f4-45d2-74e3-b109153721b5.htm) .
  * [SaveAs(String)](25c44d4a-b220-5898-b28c-a2cf6a8a8673.htm) and similar overloads.

Exception [InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm) will be thrown if any of the above methods is called during this event.
After this event, for each view being printed, Autodesk::Revit::ApplicationServices::Application::ViewPrinting and Autodesk::Revit::ApplicationServices::Application::ViewPrinted events will be raised. Another event [DocumentPrinted](8d74cf02-9271-3c6c-00f5-bc7b48d52c56.htm) will be raised immediately after document printing is finished.
#### Reference
[ControlledApplication Class](35859972-2407-3910-cb07-bbb337e307e6.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.htm)