# AreaReinforcement.MoveLine Method

---  
This method applies the translation to the line from the desired layer, at the specified position. If the line was already moved, the method will concatenate the translation with the existing movement. The line will be translated only along the direction of the specified layer. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void MoveLine(
    	XYZ translation,
    	AreaReinforcementLayerType layer,
    	int linePositionIndex
    )
    
    Public Sub MoveLine ( 
    	translation As XYZ,
    	layer As AreaReinforcementLayerType,
    	linePositionIndex As Integer
    )
    
    public:
    void MoveLine(
    	XYZ^ translation, 
    	AreaReinforcementLayerType layer, 
    	int linePositionIndex
    )
    
    member MoveLine : 
            translation : XYZ * 
            layer : AreaReinforcementLayerType * 
            linePositionIndex : int -> unit 
#### Parameters
translation [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The translation vector. 
layer [AreaReinforcementLayerType](46b15eb7-46c4-2ed9-df2d-417777518f18.htm)
     The layer on which the line stays. 
linePositionIndex Int32
     The index of the line from the desired layer. It should be an index between 0 and (NumberOfLines-1). 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  linePositionIndex is not in the range [ 0, NumberOfLines-1 ]. -or- A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
[InapplicableDataException](dc1a6d15-8923-a1fe-722a-4e976634a519.htm)|  The layer layer isn't active.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This AreaReinforcement does not host Rebar.   
#### Reference
[AreaReinforcement Class](889aa3cf-9b32-dd78-b660-bcfbad2cf87e.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)