# Curve.Intersect(Curve, IntersectionResultArray) Method

---  
**Note: This API is now obsolete.**
Calculates the intersection of this curve with the specified curve and returns the intersection results.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    [ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Use the new Curve.Intersect method with CurveIntersectResultOption.Detailed. Note also that the updated method has improved handling of certain edge cases.")]
    public SetComparisonResult Intersect(
    	Curve curve,
    	out IntersectionResultArray resultArray
    )
    
    <ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Use the new Curve.Intersect method with CurveIntersectResultOption.Detailed. Note also that the updated method has improved handling of certain edge cases.")>
    Public Function Intersect ( 
    	curve As Curve,
    	<OutAttribute> ByRef resultArray As IntersectionResultArray
    ) As SetComparisonResult
    
    public:
    [ObsoleteAttribute(L"This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Use the new Curve.Intersect method with CurveIntersectResultOption.Detailed. Note also that the updated method has improved handling of certain edge cases.")]
    SetComparisonResult Intersect(
    	Curve^ curve, 
    	[OutAttribute] IntersectionResultArray^% resultArray
    )
    
    [<ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Use the new Curve.Intersect method with CurveIntersectResultOption.Detailed. Note also that the updated method has improved handling of certain edge cases.")>]
    member Intersect : 
            curve : Curve * 
            resultArray : IntersectionResultArray byref -> SetComparisonResult 
#### Parameters
curve [Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.htm)
    The specified curve to intersect with this curve.
resultArray [IntersectionResultArray](4742c1e8-0566-73c6-de42-04d98a503dfc.htm)
    Provides more information about the intersection.
#### Return Value
[SetComparisonResult](3310a68d-b67a-79cb-ea54-deb00d9f60d9.htm)
  * SetComparisonResult.Overlap - One or more intersections were encountered. The output argument has the details.
  * SetComparisonResult.Subset - The inputs are parallel lines with only one common intersection point, or the curve used to invoke the intersection check is a line entirely within the unbound line passed as argument curve. If the former, the output argument has the details of the intersection point.
  * SetComparisonResult.Superset - The input curve is entirely within the unbound line used to invoke the intersection check.
  * SetComparisonResult.Disjoint - There is no intersection found between the two curves.
  * SetComparisonResult.Equal - The two curves are identical.

Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown when the specified curve is .   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when failed to calculate the intersection.   
The array of the intersection results contains one entry for each point where curves intersect. The following is the meaning of IntersectionResult members: 
  * XYZPoint is the evaluated intersection point
  * UVPoint.U is the unnormalized parameter on this curve (use ComputeNormalizedParameter to compute the normalized value).
  * UVPoint.V is the unnormalized parameter on the specified curve (use ComputeNormalizedParameter to compute the normalized value).

#### Reference
[Curve Class](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.htm)
[Intersect Overload](570fb842-cac3-83f5-1ab9-621e55186ead.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)