# StairsRun.CreateStraightRun Method

---  
Creates a straight run in the project document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Architecture](720f0c58-cb2b-4f13-374a-7348ed0a1cd3.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static StairsRun CreateStraightRun(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId stairsId,
    	Line locationPath,
    	StairsRunJustification justification
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreateStraightRun ( 
    	document As Document,
    	stairsId As ElementId,
    	locationPath As Line,
    	justification As StairsRunJustification
    ) As StairsRun
    
    public:
    static StairsRun^ CreateStraightRun(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ stairsId, 
    	Line^ locationPath, 
    	StairsRunJustification justification
    )
    
    static member CreateStraightRun : 
            document : Document * 
            stairsId : ElementId * 
            locationPath : Line * 
            justification : StairsRunJustification -> StairsRun 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
stairsId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The stairs that the new stairs run will belong to. 
locationPath [Line](e7329450-434a-918b-661c-65e15e0585a5.htm)
     The line for location path of the new stairs run. The line has following restriction: 
  * The line should be bound line which is parallel to the XY plane.
  * The Z coordinate of the line is the base elevation for the new run (in model coordinates). It must be greater than or equal to the stairs base elevation.
  * The number of created risers will be calculated by rounding the length of the location path to a multiple of the tread depth.

justification [StairsRunJustification](4d75bda7-267b-dc0e-286a-b5efb839655f.htm)
     The location path justification of the new stairs run. 
#### Return Value
[StairsRun](ea0e49a0-a007-79d0-c902-a24b1359ae28.htm) The new stairs run. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The stairsId is not a valid stairs element. -or- The input locationPath is not a bound line. -or- The input locationPath is not a valid location path line for straight run. -or- The locationPath is not valid line used as stairs path(probably it's too short).   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The stairs element represented by stairsId is not in an active StairsEditScope. New components cannot be added to it.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
[RegenerationFailedException](787bb389-74c2-5ce7-cdd6-32211209ded2.htm)|  The locationPath doesn't satisfy restrictions to generate straight run.   
The new stairs run and the document will be regenerated. This should be run from within an open transaction. 
#### Reference
[StairsRun Class](ea0e49a0-a007-79d0-c902-a24b1359ae28.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Architecture Namespace](720f0c58-cb2b-4f13-374a-7348ed0a1cd3.htm)