# Document.EditFamily Method

---  
Gets the document of a loaded family to edit.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public Document EditFamily(
    	Family loadedFamily
    )
    
    Public Function EditFamily ( 
    	loadedFamily As Family
    ) As Document
    
    public:
    Document^ EditFamily(
    	Family^ loadedFamily
    )
    
    member EditFamily : 
            loadedFamily : Family -> Document 
#### Parameters
loadedFamily [Family](f51d019d-6ff3-692b-d1d2-b497cab564de.htm)
    The loaded family in current document.
#### Return Value
[Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)Reference of the document of the family.
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument-"loadedFamily"-is .   
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument-"loadedFamily"-is an in-place family or a non-editable family. (This can be checked with the IsInPlace and IsEditable properties of the Family class.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when the family is already being edited.   
[ForbiddenForDynamicUpdateException](c5b911f6-1e8f-2cd4-6965-286f41221fe0.htm)|  Thrown if this method is called during dynamic update.  
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown if this method is called while the document is modifiable (i.e. it has an unfinished transaction.)  
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown if this method is currently in a read-only state.  
This creates an independent copy of the family for editing. To apply the changes back to the family stored in the document, use the LoadFamily overload accepting [IFamilyLoadOptions](d447ed92-74e1-2125-dd0a-38a5ae85ce53.htm). 
This method may not be called if the document is currently modifiable (has an open transaction) or is in a read-only state. The method may not be called during dynamic updates. To test the document's current status, check the values of IsModifiable and IsReadOnly properties.
#### Reference
[Document Class](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)