# ViewCropRegionShapeManager.SplitRegionVertically Method

---  
Splits vertically one region in split crop. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SplitRegionVertically(
    	int regionIndex,
    	double topPart,
    	double bottomPart
    )
    
    Public Sub SplitRegionVertically ( 
    	regionIndex As Integer,
    	topPart As Double,
    	bottomPart As Double
    )
    
    public:
    void SplitRegionVertically(
    	int regionIndex, 
    	double topPart, 
    	double bottomPart
    )
    
    member SplitRegionVertically : 
            regionIndex : int * 
            topPart : float * 
            bottomPart : float -> unit 
#### Parameters
regionIndex Int32
     Index of region to be split vertically (numbering starts with 0). 
topPart Double
     Relative portion of the original region to become the new top region (0 to 1). 
bottomPart Double
     Relative portion of the original region to become the new bottom region (0 to 1). 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The provided view region proportions are not valid. -or- The provided region index is invalid.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The crop of the associated view is not permitted to have multiple regions. -or- The view has non-rectangular crop shape set. -or- The view crop is already split horizontally.   
This function splits the crop into two regions: one occupying the top quarter of the crop, and the other the bottom quarter of the crop. 
#### Reference
[ViewCropRegionShapeManager Class](2610cb66-5dae-9fc8-4e83-7dfe88085abb.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)