# SingleServerService.UnsetActiveServer Method

---  
Unset the active server for the particular document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService](a88f2d1d-c02f-a901-9543-44e4b5dd5fc9.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void UnsetActiveServer(
    	Document document
    )
    
    Public Sub UnsetActiveServer ( 
    	document As Document
    )
    
    public:
    void UnsetActiveServer(
    	Document^ document
    )
    
    member UnsetActiveServer : 
            document : Document -> unit 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
    
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The operation is not allowed because the service is being executed. -or- For a service that doesn't support activation, the servers can't be activated/deactivated.   
After unsetting the active server, the document will be using the application-wide active server, if one was already set. 
Note it is not possible to unset a server that acts as an application-wide active server for a service. On the other hand, there should be no reason to ever do so, for each and every registered service should have (ideally) an active server set applicatiton-wide. 
For a service which has cref="Autodesk::Revit::DB::ExternalService::SupportActivation" set to false calling this method will throw exception. For this kind of service only one server can be added, and it will be marked by default as an application-wide active server. 
#### Reference
[SingleServerService Class](8491691e-2a26-684e-f43c-e8e0095fd129.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService Namespace](a88f2d1d-c02f-a901-9543-44e4b5dd5fc9.htm)