# GroupType.LoadFrom Method

---  
Replaces the group with the contents of the input file. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void LoadFrom(
    	string fileName,
    	GroupLoadOptions options
    )
    
    Public Sub LoadFrom ( 
    	fileName As String,
    	options As GroupLoadOptions
    )
    
    public:
    void LoadFrom(
    	String^ fileName, 
    	GroupLoadOptions^ options
    )
    
    member LoadFrom : 
            fileName : string * 
            options : GroupLoadOptions -> unit 
#### Parameters
fileName String
     The file to be used for the replacment. 
options [GroupLoadOptions](f2a76350-d174-9cf5-df5e-2febcc265722.htm)
     Group load options. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Not a valid RVT file.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[FileArgumentNotFoundException](ca9ccaa9-ed08-d40d-31a7-1af3ad2dcb84.htm)|  The given fileName does not exist.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The element "this GroupType" is in a document which is in an edit mode or is in family mode. -or- The element "this GroupType" does not belong to a project document. -or- The GroupType is not a Model group type and can't be reloaded.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document containing this GroupType is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document containing this GroupType is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document containing this GroupType has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[GroupType Class](5ce7e921-2a43-d7f1-8ef9-8a397dd27b75.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)