# CurveLoop.CreateViaThicken(Curve, Double, XYZ) Method

---  
Creates a new closed curve loop by thickening the input curve with respect to a given plane. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static CurveLoop CreateViaThicken(
    	Curve pCurve,
    	double thickness,
    	XYZ normal
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreateViaThicken ( 
    	pCurve As Curve,
    	thickness As Double,
    	normal As XYZ
    ) As CurveLoop
    
    public:
    static CurveLoop^ CreateViaThicken(
    	Curve^ pCurve, 
    	double thickness, 
    	XYZ^ normal
    )
    
    static member CreateViaThicken : 
            pCurve : Curve * 
            thickness : float * 
            normal : XYZ -> CurveLoop 
#### Parameters
pCurve [Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.htm)
     The input curve. 
thickness Double
     The distance between the offset curves created on either side of the input curve. 
normal [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The normal vector to the plane used for thickening. 
#### Return Value
[CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.htm) The new curve loop. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The input thickness is too short for a curve. -or- The input pCurve points to a helical curve and is not supported for this operation.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Throws if the input curve could not be thickened.   
The new loop will be created via offsets of the input curve (in the plane of the normal vector) with the endpoints connected with lines.The original curve will be at the center of the new loop. 
Note that for input elliptical fragments and NurbSpline curves, any offsets will be created as HermiteSplines. 
#### Reference
[CurveLoop Class](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.htm)
[CreateViaThicken Overload](70912893-8a4e-4feb-3ed0-03292e77f4a3.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)