# LoadCase.Create(Document, String, ElementId, LoadCaseCategory) Method

---  
Creates a new LoadCase. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static LoadCase Create(
    	Document document,
    	string name,
    	ElementId natureId,
    	LoadCaseCategory loadCaseCategory
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	name As String,
    	natureId As ElementId,
    	loadCaseCategory As LoadCaseCategory
    ) As LoadCase
    
    public:
    static LoadCase^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	String^ name, 
    	ElementId^ natureId, 
    	LoadCaseCategory loadCaseCategory
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            name : string * 
            natureId : ElementId * 
            loadCaseCategory : LoadCaseCategory -> LoadCase 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The Document to which new load case element will be added. 
name String
     The name of the load case. 
natureId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The load nature ID. 
loadCaseCategory [LoadCaseCategory](33f1eed5-e7d8-c12c-596c-55e10ac14c15.htm)
     The predefined load case category. 
#### Return Value
[LoadCase](2a215599-9c4c-d817-e170-605fd705699d.htm) The newly created load case element if successful,  otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The given name is not unique.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
This method is designed to create LoadCase that is associated with one of the predefined category. 
#### Reference
[LoadCase Class](2a215599-9c4c-d817-e170-605fd705699d.htm)
[Create Overload](740a8253-95ee-dfd1-0367-733f2612435d.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)