# PlumbingUtils.ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtElbow(Document, Connector, Connector) Method

---  
Connects placeholders that looks like elbow connection. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Plumbing](cc553597-37c2-fcd9-6025-d904c129c80a.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtElbow(
    	Document document,
    	Connector connector1,
    	Connector connector2
    )
    
    Public Shared Function ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtElbow ( 
    	document As Document,
    	connector1 As Connector,
    	connector2 As Connector
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtElbow(
    	Document^ document, 
    	Connector^ connector1, 
    	Connector^ connector2
    )
    
    static member ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtElbow : 
            document : Document * 
            connector1 : Connector * 
            connector2 : Connector -> bool 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
connector1 [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The first end connector of placeholder to be connected to. 
connector2 [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The second end connector of placeholder to be connected to. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if connection succeeds, false otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The owner of connector is not pipe placeholder. -or- The owners of connectors belong to different types of system.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
The placeholders may have physical connection or may not connect at all. In the latter case, the first one connects to the end of second one. If connection fails, the placeholders cannot be physically connected. 
#### Reference
[PlumbingUtils Class](958a3fa2-eb4b-2814-f674-42cac98f4910.htm)
[ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtElbow Overload](7c2063f9-d469-1e24-2eb9-602d96a8b635.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Plumbing Namespace](cc553597-37c2-fcd9-6025-d904c129c80a.htm)