# ItemFactoryBase.NewFamilyInstance(XYZ, FamilySymbol, Level, StructuralType) Method

---  
Inserts a new instance of a family into the document, using a location, type/symbol, and the level.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public FamilyInstance NewFamilyInstance(
    	XYZ location,
    	FamilySymbol symbol,
    	Level level,
    	StructuralType structuralType
    )
    
    Public Function NewFamilyInstance ( 
    	location As XYZ,
    	symbol As FamilySymbol,
    	level As Level,
    	structuralType As StructuralType
    ) As FamilyInstance
    
    public:
    FamilyInstance^ NewFamilyInstance(
    	XYZ^ location, 
    	FamilySymbol^ symbol, 
    	Level^ level, 
    	StructuralType structuralType
    )
    
    member NewFamilyInstance : 
            location : XYZ * 
            symbol : FamilySymbol * 
            level : Level * 
            structuralType : StructuralType -> FamilyInstance 
#### Parameters
location [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
    The physical location where the instance is to be placed.
symbol [FamilySymbol](a1acaed0-6a62-4c1d-94f5-4e27ce0923d3.htm)
    A FamilySymbol object that represents the type of the instance that is to be inserted.
level [Level](577e5d4e-a558-118c-9dea-3b810b061775.htm)
    The level onto which the FamilyInstance is to be placed.
structuralType [StructuralType](0a0a3793-5fce-283d-4953-a137f5593db9.htm)
     If structural then specify the type of the component. 
#### Return Value
[FamilyInstance](0d2231f8-91e6-794f-92ae-16aad8014b27.htm)If creation was successful then an instance to the new object is returned, otherwise .
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)| Thrown if the family symbol does not exist in the given document.  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)| Thrown if the level does not exist in the given document.  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)| Thrown if The symbol is not active.  
This method is used to place a family instance onto a level. If the instance fails to be created an exception may be thrown. 
The type/symbol that is used must be loaded into the document before this method is called. Families and their symbols can be loaded using the Document.LoadFamily or Document.LoadFamilySymbol methods. 
Some Families, such as Beams, have more than one endpoint and are inserted in the same manner as single point instances. Once inserted these linear family instances can have their endpoints changed by using the instance's Element.Location property.
Note: ForbiddenForDynamicUpdateException might be thrown during a dynamic update if the inserted instance establishes a mutual dependency with another structure.
Note: if the created family instance includes nested instances, the API framework will automatically regenerate the document during this method call.
#### Reference
[ItemFactoryBase Class](cba2c84a-22c0-e6e7-a99c-67656901853a.htm)
[NewFamilyInstance Overload](451ee414-cea0-e9bd-227b-c73bc93507dd.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)