# Document.LoadFamily(String, IFamilyLoadOptions, Family) Method

---  
Loads an entire family and all its types/symbols into the document and provides a reference to the loaded family.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public bool LoadFamily(
    	string filename,
    	IFamilyLoadOptions familyLoadOptions,
    	out Family family
    )
    
    Public Function LoadFamily ( 
    	filename As String,
    	familyLoadOptions As IFamilyLoadOptions,
    	<OutAttribute> ByRef family As Family
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    bool LoadFamily(
    	String^ filename, 
    	IFamilyLoadOptions^ familyLoadOptions, 
    	[OutAttribute] Family^% family
    )
    
    member LoadFamily : 
            filename : string * 
            familyLoadOptions : IFamilyLoadOptions * 
            family : Family byref -> bool 
#### Parameters
filename String
    The fully qualified filename of the Family file, usually ending in .rfa.
familyLoadOptions [IFamilyLoadOptions](d447ed92-74e1-2125-dd0a-38a5ae85ce53.htm)
    The interface implementation to use when loading a family into the document.
family [Family](f51d019d-6ff3-692b-d1d2-b497cab564de.htm)
    A reference to the family that was loaded if successful, otherwise Nothing.
#### Return Value
BooleanTrue if the entire family was loaded successfully into the project, otherwise False.
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when filename is  or empty.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument "familyLoadOptions" is .   
Loading an entire family may take a considerable amount of time and memory. It is recommended that you use one of the LoadFamilySymbol() methods and only load those symbols that you need. 
#### Reference
[Document Class](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
[LoadFamily Overload](2966229b-60b0-404d-5ffe-e4c4d85d2d7a.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)