# SchemaBuilder.AddSimpleField Method

---  
Creates a field containing a single value in the Schema, with given name and type. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExtensibleStorage](79486a74-376c-9555-c873-45d5a750f051.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public FieldBuilder AddSimpleField(
    	string fieldName,
    	Type fieldType
    )
    
    Public Function AddSimpleField ( 
    	fieldName As String,
    	fieldType As Type
    ) As FieldBuilder
    
    public:
    FieldBuilder^ AddSimpleField(
    	String^ fieldName, 
    	Type^ fieldType
    )
    
    member AddSimpleField : 
            fieldName : string * 
            fieldType : Type -> FieldBuilder 
#### Parameters
fieldName String
     The name of the new field. 
fieldType Type
     The type of the new field. 
#### Return Value
[FieldBuilder](13cd8e7c-acc8-af6e-0ae6-a9b77fcd913c.htm) The FieldBuilder object may be used to add more details to the field. Make sure to set the unit type if the field contains floating-point values. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The parameter fieldName is not acceptable for naming Extensible Storage objects. -or- The field type is not supported.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The SchemaBuilder has already finished building the Schema.   
The supported types are Boolean, Byte, Int16, Int32, Int64, Float, Double, ElementId, GUID, String, XYZ, UV and Entity.
Note that data of type ElementId is not copied to new elements that are created via copy/paste or a linear or radial array.
Note that a schema may contain a maximum of 256 fields.
#### Reference
[SchemaBuilder Class](e74f9357-cc3c-558e-73b8-38ce6d247869.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExtensibleStorage Namespace](79486a74-376c-9555-c873-45d5a750f051.htm)