# ClassificationEntries.LoadClassificationEntriesFromFile Method

---  
Loads the contents of a classification text file into the provided KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadContent. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool LoadClassificationEntriesFromFile(
    	string filePath,
    	KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadContent loadContent
    )
    
    Public Shared Function LoadClassificationEntriesFromFile ( 
    	filePath As String,
    	loadContent As KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadContent
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool LoadClassificationEntriesFromFile(
    	String^ filePath, 
    	KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadContent^ loadContent
    )
    
    static member LoadClassificationEntriesFromFile : 
            filePath : string * 
            loadContent : KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadContent -> bool 
#### Parameters
filePath String
     The full path of the existing classification file. 
loadContent [KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadContent](c612ce53-9774-8d74-28fc-5918c6491576.htm)
     The classification entries read from the filePath will be added to this object. A KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadContent object will also be updated to contain status information, including information about any errors that occurred while reading the keynote entries from the specified file. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if reading the keynote file succeeds; False if the classification file cannot be read. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  filePath is an empty string. -or- The KeyBasedTreeEntries object owned by this KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadContent object is built already. Adding more KeyBasedTreeEntries as well as repeated building, is not supported.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidPathArgumentException](3f3c93a6-008b-f9de-40d4-5cd99bb32b34.htm)|  The destination file name includes one or more invalid characters.   
The entries read from the file will be added to any existing entries read from other files before this reading operation in the provided KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadContent. if file A was read, and then file B was failed to read, all the entries from file A will still be there to build KeynoteEntries object. 
#### Reference
[ClassificationEntries Class](8bfc4653-1957-0b05-c4da-c31268a22935.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)