# Transaction.Start(String) Method

---  
Starts the transaction with an assigned name. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public TransactionStatus Start(
    	string name
    )
    
    Public Function Start ( 
    	name As String
    ) As TransactionStatus
    
    public:
    TransactionStatus Start(
    	String^ name
    )
    
    member Start : 
            name : string -> TransactionStatus 
#### Parameters
name String
     Name of the transaction; If the transaction already has name, this new one will preplace it. The name will appear on the Undo menu in Revit if the transaction is successfully committed. 
#### Return Value
[TransactionStatus](29b9a7a8-6754-8310-e063-622b569bb6d5.htm) If finished successfully, this method returns TransactionStatus.Started. Note that unless starting is successful, changes cannot be made to the document. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The name argument is an empty string.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Cannot modify the document for either a read-only external command is being executed, or changes to the document are temporarily disabled. -or- The transaction's document is currently in failure mode. No transaction operations are permitted until failure handling is finished. -or- The transaction started already and has not been completed yet. -or- Starting a new transaction is not permitted. It could be because another transaction already started and has not been completed yet, or the document is in a state in which it cannot start a new transaction (e.g. during failure handling or a read-only mode, which could be either permanent or temporary).   
A transaction may be started only after it was instantiated or after it was previously committed or rolled back.
Be aware that every time a transaction starts, [Failure Handling Options](c03bb2e5-f679-bf24-4e87-08b3c3a08385.htm) will be reset to their default values. If a specific failure handling is required, programmers need to use [SetFailureHandlingOptions(FailureHandlingOptions)](1e913cca-f75b-8dfb-b172-5a04f3732b85.htm) before the transaction is committed or rolled back.
#### Reference
[Transaction Class](308ebf8d-d96d-4643-cd1d-34fffcea53fd.htm)
[Start Overload](1c9a7d0c-d4c6-772e-ae19-98d60996d1fb.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)