# Group.IsCompatibleAttachedDetailGroupType Method

---  
Checks if the orientation of the input attached detail group matches the input view's orientation. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public bool IsCompatibleAttachedDetailGroupType(
    	View view,
    	ElementId detailGroupTypeId
    )
    
    Public Function IsCompatibleAttachedDetailGroupType ( 
    	view As View,
    	detailGroupTypeId As ElementId
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    bool IsCompatibleAttachedDetailGroupType(
    	View^ view, 
    	ElementId^ detailGroupTypeId
    )
    
    member IsCompatibleAttachedDetailGroupType : 
            view : View * 
            detailGroupTypeId : ElementId -> bool 
#### Parameters
view [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
     The view that the input attached detail group must be compatible with. 
detailGroupTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The attached detail group that will be checked for compatibility with the input view. 
#### Return Value
Boolean Returns true if the input attached detail group is compatible with the input view and false otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The input group is not a model group and can therefore not have attached detail groups.   
Currently, detail groups in perpendicular elevation views (for example, North and East views) are considered compatible. When showing these detail groups, an error (FailureMessage) based on id can be generated if the orientation of the annotations do not match the orientation of the target view (for example, the failure definition DimensionPerpendicularToView). To prevent displaying detail groups in the wrong view, you can check the OwnerViewId of a detail group to make sure it matches the view in which you are trying to display it. 
#### Reference
[Group Class](ca54af3c-52d8-0aed-cd22-440ec2584b89.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)