# ExtrusionAnalyzer.Create Method

---  
Creates an ExtrusionAnalyzer and computes and stores the Solid's shadow. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ExtrusionAnalyzer Create(
    	Solid solidGeometry,
    	Plane plane,
    	XYZ direction
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	solidGeometry As Solid,
    	plane As Plane,
    	direction As XYZ
    ) As ExtrusionAnalyzer
    
    public:
    static ExtrusionAnalyzer^ Create(
    	Solid^ solidGeometry, 
    	Plane^ plane, 
    	XYZ^ direction
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            solidGeometry : Solid * 
            plane : Plane * 
            direction : XYZ -> ExtrusionAnalyzer 
#### Parameters
solidGeometry [Solid](7a3b5ac1-c66d-9f81-a11d-9bcd4e026295.htm)
     The Solid to analyze. 
plane [Plane](6a6ee978-f114-558d-3c69-00d289aa855f.htm)
     The plane to use for the base plane for the extrusion. 
direction [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The direction to use for the calculation for the extrusion. The direction must be transverse to the base plane. 
#### Return Value
[ExtrusionAnalyzer](ba9e3283-6868-8834-e8bf-2ea9e7358930.htm) The newly created ExtrusionAnalyzer object. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The input direction must be transverse to the input plane.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  A failure occurred in creating the ExtrusionAnalyzer or computing the Solid's shadow.   
#### Reference
[ExtrusionAnalyzer Class](ba9e3283-6868-8834-e8bf-2ea9e7358930.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)