# ViewSection.CreateReferenceSection Method

---  
Creates a new reference section. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static void CreateReferenceSection(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId parentViewId,
    	ElementId viewIdToReference,
    	XYZ headPoint,
    	XYZ tailPoint
    )
    
    Public Shared Sub CreateReferenceSection ( 
    	document As Document,
    	parentViewId As ElementId,
    	viewIdToReference As ElementId,
    	headPoint As XYZ,
    	tailPoint As XYZ
    )
    
    public:
    static void CreateReferenceSection(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ parentViewId, 
    	ElementId^ viewIdToReference, 
    	XYZ^ headPoint, 
    	XYZ^ tailPoint
    )
    
    static member CreateReferenceSection : 
            document : Document * 
            parentViewId : ElementId * 
            viewIdToReference : ElementId * 
            headPoint : XYZ * 
            tailPoint : XYZ -> unit 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document to which the reference section will be added. 
parentViewId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The view in which the new reference section marker will appear. Reference sections can be created in FloorPlan, CeilingPlan, StructuralPlan, Section, Elevation, Drafting, and Detail views. 
viewIdToReference [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Detail, Drafting and Section views can be referenced. The ViewFamilyType of the referenced view will be used by the new reference section. 
headPoint [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     Determines the location of the section marker's head in the parent view. 
tailPoint [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     Determines the location of the section marker's tail in the parent view. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The ElementId viewIdToReference does not correspond to a View. -or- The ElementId parentViewId does not correspond to a View. -or- The parent view and the referenced view must be different views. -or- Can't create a new reference sections in parentViewId. Parent views must be FloorPlan, CeilingPlan, StructuralPlan, Section, Elevation, Drafting, or Detail views. -or- The viewIdToReference cannot be referenced by reference sections. Only Detail, Drafting and Section views can be referenced. -or- headPoint and tailPoint do not differ when projected onto a plane perpendicular to the view direction. -or- Reference section view creation is not allowed in this family.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
The reference section will assume the ViewFamilyType of the view it references. 
#### Reference
[ViewSection Class](fcc75682-bd99-a97d-5a4d-0f8eb9e92ab5.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)