# ViewDisplayBackground.CreateImage Method

---  
Creates an object that can be passed to [View.SetBackground](7786585b-1165-983c-ffa8-a619cef1aa09.htm) method to set the background of the Image type. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ViewDisplayBackground CreateImage(
    	string imagePath,
    	ViewDisplayBackgroundImageFlags flags,
    	UV imageOffsets,
    	UV imageScales
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreateImage ( 
    	imagePath As String,
    	flags As ViewDisplayBackgroundImageFlags,
    	imageOffsets As UV,
    	imageScales As UV
    ) As ViewDisplayBackground
    
    public:
    static ViewDisplayBackground^ CreateImage(
    	String^ imagePath, 
    	ViewDisplayBackgroundImageFlags flags, 
    	UV^ imageOffsets, 
    	UV^ imageScales
    )
    
    static member CreateImage : 
            imagePath : string * 
            flags : ViewDisplayBackgroundImageFlags * 
            imageOffsets : UV * 
            imageScales : UV -> ViewDisplayBackground 
#### Parameters
imagePath String
     File path with the image to be used. 
flags [ViewDisplayBackgroundImageFlags](71eaa252-5e4c-ee0b-0096-fc06fddeff11.htm)
     Combination of flags (binary) that control how image is displayed in relation to the view/crop boundary. 
imageOffsets [UV](1724be37-059b-91ff-aa74-d1508082f76d.htm)
     Horizontal (u) and vertical (v) offsets of the image. 
imageScales [UV](1724be37-059b-91ff-aa74-d1508082f76d.htm)
     Horizontal (u) and vertical (v) scales of the image (1 == no change). 
#### Return Value
[ViewDisplayBackground](897b41d2-9b42-2bab-a82e-0b545229d692.htm) New background object to pass to [View.SetBackground](7786585b-1165-983c-ffa8-a619cef1aa09.htm). 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The file specified by imagePath is not an image file. A valid image file should be in one of the following formats: bmp, jpg, jpeg, png, tif.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
[FileArgumentNotFoundException](ca9ccaa9-ed08-d40d-31a7-1af3ad2dcb84.htm)|  The file specified by imagePath doesn't exist.   
#### Reference
[ViewDisplayBackground Class](897b41d2-9b42-2bab-a82e-0b545229d692.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)