# RebarShapeDrivenAccessor.ScaleToBoxFor3D Method

---  
Move and resize a spiral or multiplanar instance to fit within a specified box. The arguments are interpreted as an arbitrary rectangle in 3D with vertices: origin, origin+xVec, origin+xVec+yVec, origin+yVec. One end of the rebar shape is inscribed in this rectangle following the procedure described for the ScaleToBox method. The other end is placed in the parallel plane at distance (center-to-center) given by the height argument, in the direction of (xVec x yVec). Note that spiral shapes interpret the input arguments using a different convention than multiplanar shapes. For spiral shapes, the spiral start will be placed in the rectangle defined by origin, xVec, yVec, and the end of the spiral will be placed in the parallel plane. For multiplanar shapes, the rebar is placed with its primary shape definition located in the parallel plane defined by the height argument, and its connector segments extending in the direction opposite (xVec x yVec). This method replaces ScaleToBoxForSpiral() from prior releases. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void ScaleToBoxFor3D(
    	XYZ origin,
    	XYZ xVec,
    	XYZ yVec,
    	double height
    )
    
    Public Sub ScaleToBoxFor3D ( 
    	origin As XYZ,
    	xVec As XYZ,
    	yVec As XYZ,
    	height As Double
    )
    
    public:
    void ScaleToBoxFor3D(
    	XYZ^ origin, 
    	XYZ^ xVec, 
    	XYZ^ yVec, 
    	double height
    )
    
    member ScaleToBoxFor3D : 
            origin : XYZ * 
            xVec : XYZ * 
            yVec : XYZ * 
            height : float -> unit 
#### Parameters
origin [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     One corner of the rectangle. 
xVec [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     Vector representing the first edge of the rectangle. The length must be positive. 
yVec [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     Vector representing the second edge of the rectangle. Must be perpendicular to xVec. 
height Double
     New value for the Height or MultiplanarDepth property. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  xVec has zero length. -or- yVec has zero length.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This RebarShapeDrivenAccessor is not an instance of a spiral or multiplanar shape. -or- This RebarShapeDrivenAccessor doesn't contain a valid rebar reference. -or- The operation has failed for geometric reasons, such as the box being too small given the bar diameter.   
#### Reference
[RebarShapeDrivenAccessor Class](6d2f77e7-bbe2-5bd5-723a-bf27c3df1a65.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)