# FormatOptions.SuppressLeadingZeros Property

---  
Indicates if leading zeros should be suppressed in feet and fractional inches. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public bool SuppressLeadingZeros { get; set; }
    
    Public Property SuppressLeadingZeros As Boolean
    	Get
    	Set
    
    public:
    property bool SuppressLeadingZeros {
    	bool get ();
    	void set (bool value);
    }
    
    member SuppressLeadingZeros : bool with get, set
#### Property Value
Boolean True if leading zeros should be suppressed, false otherwise. The default is false. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  UseDefault is true in this FormatOptions. -or- When setting this property: SuppressLeadingZeros was set to true but leading zeros cannot be suppressed for the display unit in this FormatOptions.   
This property is applicable to display units related to feet and fractional inches:
  * DUT_FEET_FRACTIONAL_INCHES
  * DUT_RISE_OVER_FOOT
  * DUT_RISE_OVER_10_FEET

When SuppressLeadingZeros is true:
  * If the foot component of the value is zero (the value is less than one foot), it will not be displayed. For example, 0' - 2 3/4" will be displayed as 2 3/4".
  * If both the foot and integer inch components of the value are zero (the value is less than one inch), neither will be displayed. For example, 0' - 0 3/4" will be displayed as 3/4".
  * However, an integer inch component of zero will be displayed if the foot component is non-zero. For example 1' - 0 3/4" will be displayed as 1' - 0 3/4".

#### Reference
[FormatOptions Class](70f78207-1109-3906-8e67-cd27df1f0ae8.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)