# ConnectorElement.CreateDuctConnector(Document, DuctSystemType, ConnectorProfileType, Reference, Edge) Method

---  
Create a new duct ConnectorElement. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ConnectorElement CreateDuctConnector(
    	Document document,
    	DuctSystemType ductSystemType,
    	ConnectorProfileType profileShape,
    	Reference planarFace,
    	Edge edge
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreateDuctConnector ( 
    	document As Document,
    	ductSystemType As DuctSystemType,
    	profileShape As ConnectorProfileType,
    	planarFace As Reference,
    	edge As Edge
    ) As ConnectorElement
    
    public:
    static ConnectorElement^ CreateDuctConnector(
    	Document^ document, 
    	DuctSystemType ductSystemType, 
    	ConnectorProfileType profileShape, 
    	Reference^ planarFace, 
    	Edge^ edge
    )
    
    static member CreateDuctConnector : 
            document : Document * 
            ductSystemType : DuctSystemType * 
            profileShape : ConnectorProfileType * 
            planarFace : Reference * 
            edge : Edge -> ConnectorElement 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document to add the connector to. 
ductSystemType [DuctSystemType](108631a7-6d3a-a5f6-cc0c-0579ca8cf999.htm)
     The DuctSystemType of the connector. 
profileShape [ConnectorProfileType](94482e32-e0e3-2340-c23c-6cef9348434e.htm)
     The profile shape of the duct. 
planarFace [Reference](d28155ae-817b-1f31-9c3f-c9c6a28acc0d.htm)
     The planar face to place the connector on. 
edge [Edge](7155ef49-fcd9-c80a-6232-70189a617bcc.htm)
     One of the edges in the edge loop that defines the connector location on the planar face. 
#### Return Value
[ConnectorElement](cd7d7579-1058-e8ca-d55a-c3a914843667.htm) The duct ConnectorElement. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The reference is not a planar face. -or- document is not a family document. -or- Thrown when the edge does not belong to the face.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Connector creation is not allowed in this family.   
Regenerates the document. 
#### Reference
[ConnectorElement Class](cd7d7579-1058-e8ca-d55a-c3a914843667.htm)
[CreateDuctConnector Overload](397c6cd9-1047-03c2-f24f-228780ef9a48.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)