# FabricationHostedInfo.PlaceOnHost(ElementId, Connector, Double) Method

---  
Places the part on the specified host. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void PlaceOnHost(
    	ElementId hostId,
    	Connector hostConnector,
    	double distance
    )
    
    Public Sub PlaceOnHost ( 
    	hostId As ElementId,
    	hostConnector As Connector,
    	distance As Double
    )
    
    public:
    void PlaceOnHost(
    	ElementId^ hostId, 
    	Connector^ hostConnector, 
    	double distance
    )
    
    member PlaceOnHost : 
            hostId : ElementId * 
            hostConnector : Connector * 
            distance : float -> unit 
#### Parameters
hostId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Identifier of the host fabrication part. 
hostConnector [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The connector of the host. 
distance Double
     The distance from the connector to place the hosted part. Units are in feet (ft). 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Invalid fabrication part host. The host should be a straight fabrication part. -or- Invalid connector of fabrication part host. -or- The distance is out of range.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
The document must be regenerated before the fabrication part can be used. Check ValidationStatus after regeneration to see if the part is valid for fabrication. 
#### Reference
[FabricationHostedInfo Class](c74f8adf-a227-098c-b58c-a2998560c0d3.htm)
[PlaceOnHost Overload](6365aaba-168c-938a-e72d-597fcf4425d3.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)