# FamilyItemFactory.NewSweep(Boolean, CurveArray, SketchPlane, SweepProfile, Int32, ProfilePlaneLocation) Method

---  
Adds a new sweep form to the family document, using a path of curve elements.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public Sweep NewSweep(
    	bool isSolid,
    	CurveArray path,
    	SketchPlane pathPlane,
    	SweepProfile profile,
    	int profileLocationCurveIndex,
    	ProfilePlaneLocation profilePlaneLocation
    )
    
    Public Function NewSweep ( 
    	isSolid As Boolean,
    	path As CurveArray,
    	pathPlane As SketchPlane,
    	profile As SweepProfile,
    	profileLocationCurveIndex As Integer,
    	profilePlaneLocation As ProfilePlaneLocation
    ) As Sweep
    
    public:
    Sweep^ NewSweep(
    	bool isSolid, 
    	CurveArray^ path, 
    	SketchPlane^ pathPlane, 
    	SweepProfile^ profile, 
    	int profileLocationCurveIndex, 
    	ProfilePlaneLocation profilePlaneLocation
    )
    
    member NewSweep : 
            isSolid : bool * 
            path : CurveArray * 
            pathPlane : SketchPlane * 
            profile : SweepProfile * 
            profileLocationCurveIndex : int * 
            profilePlaneLocation : ProfilePlaneLocation -> Sweep 
#### Parameters
isSolid Boolean
    Indicates if the Sweep is Solid or Void.
path [CurveArray](55103aad-38fd-45d2-6bf7-67a5203e99f3.htm)
    The path of the sweep. The path should be 2D, where all input curves lie in one plane, and the curves are not required to reference existing geometry.
pathPlane [SketchPlane](ba104029-d175-7e75-caef-667a4281f4af.htm)
     The sketch plane for the path. Use this when you want to create a 2D path that resides on an existing planar face. Optional, can be  for 3D paths or for 2D paths where the path should not reference an existing face.
profile [SweepProfile](1b77356c-e92b-e151-f8c9-727b3e2b8934.htm)
    The profile of the newly created Sweep. This may contain more than one curve loop or a profile family. The profile must lie in the XY plane, and it will be transformed to the profile plane automatically. Each loop must be a fully closed curve loop and the loops must not intersect. The loop can be a unbound circle or ellipse, but its geometry will be split in two in order to satisfy requirements for sketches used in extrusions.
profileLocationCurveIndex Int32
    The index of the path curves. The curve upon which the profile plane will be determined.
profilePlaneLocation [ProfilePlaneLocation](7ee6064e-ae88-1efe-a030-dabfae9bacaf.htm)
    The location on the profileLocationCurve where the profile plane will be determined.
#### Return Value
[Sweep](ed383459-badd-2323-4f73-0d94fd76ce0f.htm)If creation was successful the new Sweep is returned, otherwise an exception with failure information will be thrown.
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument-path-is  or empty.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument-profile-is .   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument-profileLocationCurveIndex-is out of index bounds.   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument-profilePlaneLocation-does not exist in the ProfilePlaneLocation enumeration.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when creation is attempted in Conceptual Mass, 2D, or other family where sweeps cannot be created.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when the creation failed.   
This method creates a sweep in a family document. The sweep will trace the profile along the path. 
#### Reference
[FamilyItemFactory Class](a7622967-1381-c17f-ed04-1ebe40da0440.htm)
[NewSweep Overload](e22c07dd-0615-5b5d-e40f-eed749b7206f.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)