# PointCloudInstance.GetPoints Method

---  
Extracts a collection of points based on a filter. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public PointCollection GetPoints(
    	PointCloudFilter filter,
    	double averageDistance,
    	int numPoints
    )
    
    Public Function GetPoints ( 
    	filter As PointCloudFilter,
    	averageDistance As Double,
    	numPoints As Integer
    ) As PointCollection
    
    public:
    PointCollection^ GetPoints(
    	PointCloudFilter^ filter, 
    	double averageDistance, 
    	int numPoints
    )
    
    member GetPoints : 
            filter : PointCloudFilter * 
            averageDistance : float * 
            numPoints : int -> PointCollection 
#### Parameters
filter [PointCloudFilter](ca6f916b-2eba-f8e5-8939-1c063330c886.htm)
     The filter to control which points are extracted. The filter should be passed in the coordinates of the Revit model. 
averageDistance Double
     Desired average distance between "adjacent" cloud points (Revit units of length). The smaller the averageDistance the larger number of points will be returned up to the numPoints limit. Specifying this parameter makes actual number of points returned for a given filter independent of the density of coverage produced by the scanner. 
numPoints Int32
     The maximum number of points requested. 
#### Return Value
[PointCollection](3eaab06f-0da5-dd0a-6063-b3907f6de7a8.htm) A collection object containing points that pass the filter, but no more than the maximum number requested. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The number of points read must range from 1 to 1000000.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  The given value for averageDistance must be no more than 30000 feet in absolute value.   
If there are more points in the cloud passing the filter than the number requested in this function, the results may not be consistent if the same call is made again. 
#### Reference
[PointCloudInstance Class](d17686cb-b8c5-bee5-44d3-0311d27678e0.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)