# FabricSheetType.SetMajorLayoutAsFixedNumber Method

---  
Sets the major layout pattern as FixedNumber, while specifying the needed parameters for this pattern. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetMajorLayoutAsFixedNumber(
    	double overallWidth,
    	double minorStartOverhang,
    	double minorEndOverhang,
    	int numberOfWires
    )
    
    Public Sub SetMajorLayoutAsFixedNumber ( 
    	overallWidth As Double,
    	minorStartOverhang As Double,
    	minorEndOverhang As Double,
    	numberOfWires As Integer
    )
    
    public:
    void SetMajorLayoutAsFixedNumber(
    	double overallWidth, 
    	double minorStartOverhang, 
    	double minorEndOverhang, 
    	int numberOfWires
    )
    
    member SetMajorLayoutAsFixedNumber : 
            overallWidth : float * 
            minorStartOverhang : float * 
            minorEndOverhang : float * 
            numberOfWires : int -> unit 
#### Parameters
overallWidth Double
     The entire width of the wire sheet in the minor direction. 
minorStartOverhang Double
     The distance from the edge of the sheet to the first wire in the minor direction. 
minorEndOverhang Double
     The distance from the last wire to the edge of the sheet in the minor direction. 
numberOfWires Int32
     The number of the wires to set in the major direction. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The given value for overallWidth is not a number -or- The given value for minorStartOverhang is not a number -or- The given value for minorEndOverhang is not a number -or- numberOfWires must range from 2 to 1000000. -or- The arguments are not consistent, please specify proper input values.   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  The given value for overallWidth must be greater than 0 and no more than 30000 feet. -or- The given value for minorStartOverhang must be between 0 and 30000 feet. -or- The given value for minorEndOverhang must be between 0 and 30000 feet.   
#### Reference
[FabricSheetType Class](892f0ce6-5548-d299-c976-9355ac4109ee.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)