# WorksetTable.CanDeleteWorkset Method

---  
Indicates if a workset can be deleted. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool CanDeleteWorkset(
    	Document document,
    	WorksetId worksetId,
    	DeleteWorksetSettings deleteWorksetSettings
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CanDeleteWorkset ( 
    	document As Document,
    	worksetId As WorksetId,
    	deleteWorksetSettings As DeleteWorksetSettings
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool CanDeleteWorkset(
    	Document^ document, 
    	WorksetId^ worksetId, 
    	DeleteWorksetSettings^ deleteWorksetSettings
    )
    
    static member CanDeleteWorkset : 
            document : Document * 
            worksetId : WorksetId * 
            deleteWorksetSettings : DeleteWorksetSettings -> bool 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document containing the worksets. 
worksetId [WorksetId](8bece327-c269-8101-b4c2-38632f593fe6.htm)
     The id of the workset to delete. 
deleteWorksetSettings [DeleteWorksetSettings](1952e14e-42d8-d672-0e72-d5fb1a83b73a.htm)
     The settings to delete a workset. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if the workset can be deleted, false otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
The workset can't be deleted in the following cases: 
  * The input worksetId is not valid in the document. 
  * The input worksetId doesn't represent a user-created workset, which means this workset might be a system workset. 
  * The workset is not editable by the current user. In order to resolve this problem, please checkout the workset by calling [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::WorksharingUtils::CheckoutWorksets]. 
  * The workset or some elements under the workset are owned by the other users. In order to resolve this problem, please ask the other users to call [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::WorksharingUtils::RelinquishOwnership] to relinquish their ownership on the workset and elements. 
  * The target workset is not a user-created workset. 

#### Reference
[WorksetTable Class](9ffa5fc8-e6a5-17d6-590e-8ecbfd7b85fb.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)