# RebarShapeDefinitionBySegments.AddListeningDimensionSegmentToSegment Method

---  
Specify a dimension perpendicular to two fixed-direction segments, measured by a read-only parameter. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void AddListeningDimensionSegmentToSegment(
    	ElementId paramId,
    	double constraintDirCoordX,
    	double constraintDirCoordY,
    	int iSegment0,
    	int iSegment1
    )
    
    Public Sub AddListeningDimensionSegmentToSegment ( 
    	paramId As ElementId,
    	constraintDirCoordX As Double,
    	constraintDirCoordY As Double,
    	iSegment0 As Integer,
    	iSegment1 As Integer
    )
    
    public:
    void AddListeningDimensionSegmentToSegment(
    	ElementId^ paramId, 
    	double constraintDirCoordX, 
    	double constraintDirCoordY, 
    	int iSegment0, 
    	int iSegment1
    )
    
    member AddListeningDimensionSegmentToSegment : 
            paramId : ElementId * 
            constraintDirCoordX : float * 
            constraintDirCoordY : float * 
            iSegment0 : int * 
            iSegment1 : int -> unit 
#### Parameters
paramId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Id of a parameter to report the length of the dimension. The parameter will be read-only on Rebar instances. 
constraintDirCoordX Double
     The x-coordinate of a 2D vector specifying the constraint direction. 
constraintDirCoordY Double
     The y-coordinate of a 2D vector specifying the constraint direction. 
iSegment0 Int32
     Index of the first segment (0 to NumberOfSegments - 1). 
iSegment1 Int32
     Index of the second segment (0 to NumberOfSegments - 1). 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  paramId is not the id of a shared parameter in the current document, or its unit type is not Reinforcement_Length, Angle or Number. -or- The length of the vector (constraintDirCoordX, constraintDirCoordY) is too close to zero. -or- iSegment0 is not between 0 and NumberOfSegments. -or- iSegment1 is not between 0 and NumberOfSegments. -or- Edge iSegment0 has a variable angle; it must have a fixed angle perpendicular to (constraintDirCoordX, constraintDirCoordY). -or- Edge iSegment1 has a variable angle; it must have a fixed angle perpendicular to (constraintDirCoordX, constraintDirCoordY).   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
RebarShapeDefinitionBySegments supports driving (read-write) dimensions only when they are associated with a single segment. Non-driving dimensions can involve multiple segments. 
#### Reference
[RebarShapeDefinitionBySegments Class](7229fdba-1e8f-6cb7-e72e-0933e495ad62.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)