# CurveLoop.CreateViaOffset(CurveLoop, Double, XYZ) Method

---  
Creates a new curve loop that is an offset of the existing curve loop. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static CurveLoop CreateViaOffset(
    	CurveLoop original,
    	double offsetDist,
    	XYZ normal
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreateViaOffset ( 
    	original As CurveLoop,
    	offsetDist As Double,
    	normal As XYZ
    ) As CurveLoop
    
    public:
    static CurveLoop^ CreateViaOffset(
    	CurveLoop^ original, 
    	double offsetDist, 
    	XYZ^ normal
    )
    
    static member CreateViaOffset : 
            original : CurveLoop * 
            offsetDist : float * 
            normal : XYZ -> CurveLoop 
#### Parameters
original [CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.htm)
     The original curve loop. 
offsetDist Double
     The signed offset distance. 
normal [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The normal of the offset plane. 
#### Return Value
[CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.htm) The offset curve loop. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown if the curve loop could not be offset.   
For each curve in the curve loop, the offset curve is theoretically defined by translating every point of the original curve by the vector offsetDist * (curveTan x normal) where curveTan is the curve's unit tangent vector at the given point. The curves are then trimmed to create a continuous curve loop. For a planar curve loop, this amounts to pushing each point "to the right" of the curve loop by the signed offset distance offsetDist, within the plane of the curve loop. The "right" side of the curve loop at a given point on the curve loop is defined with reference to normal being thought of as the upward direction and curveTan being thought of as the forward direction, as if you are walking along the curve loop. It follows that if offsetDist is positive, points will be offset to the right of the curve loop, whereas if offsetDist is negative, points will be offset to the left of the curve loop. 
If the curve loop contains curves such as elliptical segments or splines, it is possible the offset creation will fail if Revit will not be able to trim contiguous curves to meet one another. If the offset is successful, offsets of those curve types will be created as HermiteSplines. 
#### Reference
[CurveLoop Class](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.htm)
[CreateViaOffset Overload](6ed44704-a287-449d-0b42-4912b22c9db7.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)