# ExternalService.AddServer Method

---  
Registers a server with its service. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService](a88f2d1d-c02f-a901-9543-44e4b5dd5fc9.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void AddServer(
    	IExternalServer server
    )
    
    Public Sub AddServer ( 
    	server As IExternalServer
    )
    
    public:
    void AddServer(
    	IExternalServer^ server
    )
    
    member AddServer : 
            server : IExternalServer -> unit 
#### Parameters
server [IExternalServer](91e4af0b-59c0-d640-107a-eebc4d99fa76.htm)
     The instance of the server. The server must implement the interface provided by the service. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The Server object is not valid or its service Id does not match the service. -or- A server with the same Id has already been registered with the service. -or- The given server does not return valid values from the interface methods. At least one of the Name, VendorId, Description, and ServerId is empty or invalid. -or- The server does not represent a server of a valid type to be used with the service.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The operation is not allowed because the service is being executed. -or- The service provider is not valid. -or- Only one server can be added for a single-server service.   
Servers must be registered with their services. There has to be at least one server registered for a service in order to be able to execute the service. 
A server can be added only once. An attempt to add a server again will lead to an exception. A server cannot be removed during the service's execution or when another server is just being added or removed (e.g. during OnServersChanged call-back to the service). 
When [SupportActivation](fd61e375-683b-57e1-c902-29a5fe74e7d5.htm) is set to true adding a server to a service does not make the server active yet. It is the developer's responsibility to change its activation state. 
When [SupportActivation](fd61e375-683b-57e1-c902-29a5fe74e7d5.htm) is set to false, for a single-server service there can be added only one server, and this will be considered active. An attempt to add another one will lead to an exception. For a multi-server service there can be added multiple servers and all of them will be considered activated. 
Servers can be registered at any time; registering does not need to happen during an application's start-up, but it must happen - naturally - after the respective service has been registered. Since all built-in services are automatically registered during initialization of Revit, their servers can be added as early as during the OnStartup method. Third-party services, on the other hand, get registered during the OnStartup method, therefore their servers need to be added later. The next earliest opportunity for adding servers to a third-party service is on the ApplicationInitialized event. 
#### Reference
[ExternalService Class](0408e6d9-12d3-20e4-911e-6d299fe31b81.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService Namespace](a88f2d1d-c02f-a901-9543-44e4b5dd5fc9.htm)