# FabricationPart.AlignPartByInsertionPointAndCutInToStraight Method

---  
Align the part by its insertion point to a point and rotation on a straight. This will automatically size and connect the part being cut into, if possible. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool AlignPartByInsertionPointAndCutInToStraight(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId straightId,
    	ElementId partId,
    	XYZ position,
    	double rotation,
    	double slope,
    	bool flip
    )
    
    Public Shared Function AlignPartByInsertionPointAndCutInToStraight ( 
    	document As Document,
    	straightId As ElementId,
    	partId As ElementId,
    	position As XYZ,
    	rotation As Double,
    	slope As Double,
    	flip As Boolean
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool AlignPartByInsertionPointAndCutInToStraight(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ straightId, 
    	ElementId^ partId, 
    	XYZ^ position, 
    	double rotation, 
    	double slope, 
    	bool flip
    )
    
    static member AlignPartByInsertionPointAndCutInToStraight : 
            document : Document * 
            straightId : ElementId * 
            partId : ElementId * 
            position : XYZ * 
            rotation : float * 
            slope : float * 
            flip : bool -> bool 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
straightId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The element identifier of the straight to be cut in to. 
partId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The element identifier of the part to align and cut in with. 
position [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The position to move the parts insertion point to. 
rotation Double
     The rotation in radians. 
slope Double
     The slope value to flex to match if possible in fractional units (eg.1/50). Positive values are up, negative are down. Slopes can only be applied to fittings, whilst straights will inherit the slope from the piece it is connecting to. 
flip Boolean
     Flip the part to allow for flow direction. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if the alignment succeeds, false otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The element is not a fabrication part. -or- Not all of the fabrication part's connectors are open. -or- The part is not a straight. -or- The fabrication parts do not have matching domain types. -or- The position is not on the straight.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Failed to align the part to the straight to cut in to.   
#### Reference
[FabricationPart Class](c9b86162-c105-696a-a919-49a7a7938cc4.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)