# FamilyItemFactory.NewControl Method

---  
Add a new control into the Autodesk Revit family document.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public Control NewControl(
    	ControlShape controlShape,
    	View view,
    	XYZ origin
    )
    
    Public Function NewControl ( 
    	controlShape As ControlShape,
    	view As View,
    	origin As XYZ
    ) As Control
    
    public:
    Control^ NewControl(
    	ControlShape controlShape, 
    	View^ view, 
    	XYZ^ origin
    )
    
    member NewControl : 
            controlShape : ControlShape * 
            view : View * 
            origin : XYZ -> Control 
#### Parameters
controlShape [ControlShape](4c6c924f-bb86-35de-f160-b2c70905f4bf.htm)
     The shape of the control.
view [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
     The view in which the control is to be visible. It must be a FloorPlan view or a CeilingPlan view.
origin [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The origin of the control.
#### Return Value
[Control](d04da6b9-0586-22b8-df13-8eb7f5ca248f.htm)If successful, the newly created control is returned, otherwise an exception with error information will be thrown.
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument-"view" or "position"-is .   
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument-"view"-is invalid.   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument-"controlType"-is out of range.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when control creation failed.   
#### Reference
[FamilyItemFactory Class](a7622967-1381-c17f-ed04-1ebe40da0440.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)