# MultiSegmentGrid.Create Method

---  
Create a MultiSegmentGrid element from the specified curve loop. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ElementId Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId typeId,
    	CurveLoop curveLoop,
    	ElementId sketchPlaneId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	typeId As ElementId,
    	curveLoop As CurveLoop,
    	sketchPlaneId As ElementId
    ) As ElementId
    
    public:
    static ElementId^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ typeId, 
    	CurveLoop^ curveLoop, 
    	ElementId^ sketchPlaneId
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            typeId : ElementId * 
            curveLoop : CurveLoop * 
            sketchPlaneId : ElementId -> ElementId 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document in which to create the MultiSegmentGrid. 
typeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Element id of a GridType element. 
curveLoop [CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.htm)
     An open curve loop consisting of lines and arcs. 
sketchPlaneId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Element id of a SketchPlane for the curves elements that will be created from the curveLoop. 
#### Return Value
[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm) The element id of the new MultiSegmentGrid element. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The element id should refer to a valid horizontal SketchPlane. -or- The element id should refer to a GridType element. -or- The curve loop should be an open loop consisting of lines and arcs.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements).   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
For each curve in the curve loop, a corresponding Grid will be created. 
#### Reference
[MultiSegmentGrid Class](8488ef7c-7669-26a7-8088-dd78e96850de.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)