# CurveElement.CreateAreaBasedLoadBoundaryLine Method

---  
Creates an area based load boundary line. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static CurveElement CreateAreaBasedLoadBoundaryLine(
    	Document document,
    	Curve curve,
    	ElementId levelId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreateAreaBasedLoadBoundaryLine ( 
    	document As Document,
    	curve As Curve,
    	levelId As ElementId
    ) As CurveElement
    
    public:
    static CurveElement^ CreateAreaBasedLoadBoundaryLine(
    	Document^ document, 
    	Curve^ curve, 
    	ElementId^ levelId
    )
    
    static member CreateAreaBasedLoadBoundaryLine : 
            document : Document * 
            curve : Curve * 
            levelId : ElementId -> CurveElement 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document in which to create the area based load boundary line. 
curve [Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.htm)
     The curve. 
levelId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of level. 
#### Return Value
[CurveElement](61673852-2d08-003d-e9fd-4be89d533774.htm) The newly created area based load boundary line. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  document is not a project document. -or- The input curve is not bound. -or- The curve is degenerate (its length is too close to zero). -or- The ElementId levelId is not a Level. -or- The curve doesn't lie in the plane of the level.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements).   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[CurveElement Class](61673852-2d08-003d-e9fd-4be89d533774.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)