# Application.CopyModel Method

---  
Copies an existing model to a new file. Overwriting a file of the same name is allowed. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void CopyModel(
    	ModelPath sourceModelPath,
    	string destFilePath,
    	bool overwrite
    )
    
    Public Sub CopyModel ( 
    	sourceModelPath As ModelPath,
    	destFilePath As String,
    	overwrite As Boolean
    )
    
    public:
    void CopyModel(
    	ModelPath^ sourceModelPath, 
    	String^ destFilePath, 
    	bool overwrite
    )
    
    member CopyModel : 
            sourceModelPath : ModelPath * 
            destFilePath : string * 
            overwrite : bool -> unit 
#### Parameters
sourceModelPath [ModelPath](40a84c72-e4b8-72ac-2f71-3216c66a11b3.htm)
     The path of the file-based or server-based source model. 
destFilePath String
     The path of the destination file. 
overwrite Boolean
     True if the destination file can be overwritten; otherwise, false. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The given path sourceModelPath is a cloud path which is not supported in this method.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[CentralModelAccessDeniedException](3e38b7b1-1ee8-c7f0-6cdd-bacf67bf61f4.htm)|  Access to the central model was denied. A possible reason is because the model was under maintenance.   
[CentralModelException](0e2ac15f-ca64-42c3-b3ef-e6f7ca1cb59a.htm)|  The central model is missing. -or- An internal error happened on the central model, please contact the server administrator.   
[DirectoryNotFoundException](e6614e11-0fd4-df20-0d2d-02722b779128.htm)|  Thrown when the directory of destination file doesn't exist.   
[FileArgumentAlreadyExistsException](bffdd5da-7a0a-2450-efa8-84a1deeebae3.htm)|  The destination file exists and can't be overwritten. -or- destFilePath is pointing to a folder that already exists and cannot be deleted.   
[FileArgumentNotFoundException](ca9ccaa9-ed08-d40d-31a7-1af3ad2dcb84.htm)|  The Revit model specified by sourceModelPath doesn't exist.   
[InvalidPathArgumentException](3f3c93a6-008b-f9de-40d4-5cd99bb32b34.htm)|  The destination file name includes one or more invalid characters.   
[RevitServerCommunicationException](a0003d89-0113-6623-65da-0db5c568bfb6.htm)|  The server-based central model could not be accessed because of a network communication error.   
[RevitServerInternalException](6dcd093c-d643-07cd-535f-36ffa9d2db52.htm)|  An internal error happened on the server, please contact the server administrator.   
#### Reference
[Application Class](94db8ea8-d2c3-5e71-8030-466bcb8e4426.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.htm)