# ItemFactoryBase.NewFamilyInstance(XYZ, FamilySymbol, View) Method

---  
Add a new family instance into the Autodesk Revit document, using an origin and a view where the instance should be placed.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public FamilyInstance NewFamilyInstance(
    	XYZ origin,
    	FamilySymbol symbol,
    	View specView
    )
    
    Public Function NewFamilyInstance ( 
    	origin As XYZ,
    	symbol As FamilySymbol,
    	specView As View
    ) As FamilyInstance
    
    public:
    FamilyInstance^ NewFamilyInstance(
    	XYZ^ origin, 
    	FamilySymbol^ symbol, 
    	View^ specView
    )
    
    member NewFamilyInstance : 
            origin : XYZ * 
            symbol : FamilySymbol * 
            specView : View -> FamilyInstance 
#### Parameters
origin [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
    The origin of family instance. If created on a [ViewPlan](0520580a-74ec-ed8c-35ea-5274c42276a3.htm), the origin will be projected onto the [ViewPlan](0520580a-74ec-ed8c-35ea-5274c42276a3.htm). 
symbol [FamilySymbol](a1acaed0-6a62-4c1d-94f5-4e27ce0923d3.htm)
    A family symbol object that represents the type of the instance that is to be inserted.
specView [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
    The 2D view in which to place the family instance.
#### Return Value
[FamilyInstance](0d2231f8-91e6-794f-92ae-16aad8014b27.htm)If creation was successful then an instance to the new object is returned.
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)| One or more required arguments was   
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)| The input family PlacementType was not ViewBased, the input view was not 2D, Thrown if The symbol is not active. or instances of the input FamilySymbol are not permitted on a view of this type.  
This overload applies only to 2D family symbols (detail components, annotation symbols, titleblocks, etc.). The type/symbol that is used must be loaded into the document before this method is called. Families and their symbols can be loaded using the Document.LoadFamily or Document.LoadFamilySymbol methods. 
#### Reference
[ItemFactoryBase Class](cba2c84a-22c0-e6e7-a99c-67656901853a.htm)
[NewFamilyInstance Overload](451ee414-cea0-e9bd-227b-c73bc93507dd.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)