# FaceWall.Create Method

---  
Creates a new instance of a wall attached to a non-vertical massing face. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static FaceWall Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId wallType,
    	WallLocationLine locationLine,
    	Reference faceReference
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	wallType As ElementId,
    	locationLine As WallLocationLine,
    	faceReference As Reference
    ) As FaceWall
    
    public:
    static FaceWall^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ wallType, 
    	WallLocationLine locationLine, 
    	Reference^ faceReference
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            wallType : ElementId * 
            locationLine : WallLocationLine * 
            faceReference : Reference -> FaceWall 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
wallType [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The wall type. This must be a wall type accepted by IsWallTypeValidForFaceWall() 
locationLine [WallLocationLine](87090d88-570b-6f84-cf87-63414b51ece0.htm)
     The alignment of the wall location line. 
faceReference [Reference](d28155ae-817b-1f31-9c3f-c9c6a28acc0d.htm)
     The reference from the massing face. This must pass IsValidFaceReferenceForFaceWall() 
#### Return Value
[FaceWall](cd76c5c4-4c8d-8101-5ebb-fa1ba4dcf9a1.htm) The newly created face wall. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The element wallType does not exist in the document -or- document is not a project document. -or- This wall type cannot be applied to a face wall. -or- This reference cannot be applied to a face wall.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
[ForbiddenForDynamicUpdateException](c5b911f6-1e8f-2cd4-6965-286f41221fe0.htm)|  During a dynamic update, the newly created face wall is going to be joined to surrounding structures.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The element is a member of a loaded family. -or- The element is a member of a group type that is not being edited.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
This method will regenerate the document. 
#### Reference
[FaceWall Class](cd76c5c4-4c8d-8101-5ebb-fa1ba4dcf9a1.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)