# CurveElement.GetTangentLock Method

---  
Returns the state of a tangent join between this and another curve element at the given end-point. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public bool GetTangentLock(
    	int end,
    	ElementId other
    )
    
    Public Function GetTangentLock ( 
    	end As Integer,
    	other As ElementId
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    bool GetTangentLock(
    	int end, 
    	ElementId^ other
    )
    
    member GetTangentLock : 
            end : int * 
            other : ElementId -> bool 
#### Parameters
end Int32
     Index of one of the curve's end. Values '0' and '1' indicate the start or end point, respectively. 
other [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     ElementId of another Curve Element from the same document. 
#### Return Value
Boolean Returns True if this curve element has a tangent joint with the other input element and the join is curently locked; returns False otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The given Id does not represent any of the two end-points of a curve element. A valid value of either '0' or '1' is expected. -or- The given ElementId (%elementId) is not of a valid Curve Element. A valid Curve Element must be in the same document and must be diferent than this curve elements self. -or- This element has no tangent join with the input element at the given end-point.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
The return value indicates whether there is such tangent join and if it is currently locked. A negative value indicates that there either is no tangent join with the other element at the given end-point, or the join between those two curve element is not currently locked. 
#### Reference
[CurveElement Class](61673852-2d08-003d-e9fd-4be89d533774.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)