# FabricSheetType.SetMajorLayoutAsActualSpacing Method

---  
Sets the major layout pattern as ActualSpacing, while specifying the needed parameters for this pattern. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetMajorLayoutAsActualSpacing(
    	double overallWidth,
    	double minorStartOverhang,
    	double spacing
    )
    
    Public Sub SetMajorLayoutAsActualSpacing ( 
    	overallWidth As Double,
    	minorStartOverhang As Double,
    	spacing As Double
    )
    
    public:
    void SetMajorLayoutAsActualSpacing(
    	double overallWidth, 
    	double minorStartOverhang, 
    	double spacing
    )
    
    member SetMajorLayoutAsActualSpacing : 
            overallWidth : float * 
            minorStartOverhang : float * 
            spacing : float -> unit 
#### Parameters
overallWidth Double
     The entire width of the wire sheet in the minor direction. 
minorStartOverhang Double
     The distance from the edge of the sheet to the first wire in the minor direction. 
spacing Double
     The distance between the wires in the major direction. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The given value for overallWidth is not a number -or- The given value for minorStartOverhang is not a number -or- The given value for spacing is not a number -or- The arguments are not consistent, please specify proper input values.   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  The given value for overallWidth must be greater than 0 and no more than 30000 feet. -or- The given value for minorStartOverhang must be between 0 and 30000 feet. -or- The given value for spacing must be greater than 0 and no more than 30000 feet.   
#### Reference
[FabricSheetType Class](892f0ce6-5548-d299-c976-9355ac4109ee.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)