# AssemblyViewUtils.CreateDetailSection(Document, ElementId, AssemblyDetailViewOrientation) Method

---  
Creates a new detail section assembly view for the assembly instance. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ViewSection CreateDetailSection(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId assemblyInstanceId,
    	AssemblyDetailViewOrientation direction
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreateDetailSection ( 
    	document As Document,
    	assemblyInstanceId As ElementId,
    	direction As AssemblyDetailViewOrientation
    ) As ViewSection
    
    public:
    static ViewSection^ CreateDetailSection(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ assemblyInstanceId, 
    	AssemblyDetailViewOrientation direction
    )
    
    static member CreateDetailSection : 
            document : Document * 
            assemblyInstanceId : ElementId * 
            direction : AssemblyDetailViewOrientation -> ViewSection 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document to which the view will be added. 
assemblyInstanceId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Id of the assembly instance that owns the new view. 
direction [AssemblyDetailViewOrientation](941c2468-0a94-b2c0-0c73-1953e15487d6.htm)
     The direction for the new view. 
#### Return Value
[ViewSection](fcc75682-bd99-a97d-5a4d-0f8eb9e92ab5.htm) A new detail section assembly view. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  assemblyInstanceId is not an AssemblyInstance.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
The detail section will cut through the center of the assembly instance's outline. The document must be regenerated before using the detail section. 
#### Reference
[AssemblyViewUtils Class](4c839bed-9f56-c255-afba-8152c9171a22.htm)
[CreateDetailSection Overload](0661a2a5-cde8-90c9-f7f7-9614760a37a9.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)