# FailureResolutionType Enumeration

---  
Enumeration to classify FailureResolutions by nature of operation they perform on failing Elements. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum FailureResolutionType
    
    Public Enumeration FailureResolutionType
    
    public enum class FailureResolutionType
    
    type FailureResolutionType
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
CreateElements| 2|  Defines a resolution of a failure where Revit will add new Element(s) in place of missing one(s).   
Default| 1|  Special (reserved) type. It cannot be used as a type when defining a resolution, but can be used as a key to query default resolution from FailureMessage or FailureDefinition.   
DeleteElements| 3|  Defines a resolution of a failure by deleting Element(s) that caused the failure.   
DetachElements| 7|  Defines a resolution of a failure by removing invalid relationships between elements such as joined walls and roofs, grouped elements, and associated curves.   
FixElements| 6|  Defines a resolution of a failure by changing failing Element(s) - specific change may vary depending in type of failure and type of Element(s).   
Invalid| 0|  Special (reserved) type. This should be non-initialized value of any variable of FailureResolutionType, end user should not see this value, API programmer could use this in initialization and comparison.   
MoveElements| 5|  Defines a resolution of a failure by moving Element(s) to an appropriate location.   
Others| 100,000|  Resolution type does not match any of the above.   
QuitEditMode| 8|  Defines a resolution of a failure by quitting an Edit Mode instead of committing changes. Changes made in edit mode will be rolled back.   
SaveDocument| 11|  Save the current document to avoid losing more if something serious occurs.   
SetValue| 10|  Defines a resolution of a failure by setting an appropriate value in place of invalid value.   
ShowElements| 12|  The standard "Show" may fail in some context, special resolution could be added in this condition to show failing element(s).   
SkipElements| 4|  Defines a resolution of a failure by skipping Element(s) for which operation has failed and proceeding with the rest of Elements.   
UnlockConstraints| 9|  Defines a resolution of a failure by unconstraining Element(s).   
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)