# FormattedText.Find Method

---  
Returns a text range identifying the first occurrence of the given string within the text, starting from a given index. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public TextRange Find(
    	string searchString,
    	int startIndex,
    	bool matchCase,
    	bool matchWholeWord
    )
    
    Public Function Find ( 
    	searchString As String,
    	startIndex As Integer,
    	matchCase As Boolean,
    	matchWholeWord As Boolean
    ) As TextRange
    
    public:
    TextRange^ Find(
    	String^ searchString, 
    	int startIndex, 
    	bool matchCase, 
    	bool matchWholeWord
    )
    
    member Find : 
            searchString : string * 
            startIndex : int * 
            matchCase : bool * 
            matchWholeWord : bool -> TextRange 
#### Parameters
searchString String
     The text to search for. 
startIndex Int32
     The start index to search within the text. 
matchCase Boolean
     True if the case must match when searching the formatted text, false to search in a case-insensitive manner. 
matchWholeWord Boolean
     True if the match must be a whole word when searching the formatted text, false otherwise. 
#### Return Value
[TextRange](8a00baaf-8cb8-d9f0-e0a0-eaa5aa16e55e.htm) The text range identified. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  searchString is an empty string. -or- searchString contains invalid characters such as a newline character.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  The given value for startIndex is negative.   
Returns an empty text range: 
  * if the given string cannot be found in the text.
  * if the given start index is beyond the length of the entire text. 

The search can be case-sensitive or case-insensitive. The search can be set to match whole words or part of words. 
#### Reference
[FormattedText Class](79a92343-2342-8325-1b51-f12c4fb05481.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)