# GlobalParameter.SetFormula Method

---  
Sets a formula expression for this parameter. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetFormula(
    	string expression
    )
    
    Public Sub SetFormula ( 
    	expression As String
    )
    
    public:
    void SetFormula(
    	String^ expression
    )
    
    member SetFormula : 
            expression : string -> unit 
#### Parameters
expression String
     Valid formula string. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The given expression argument is not valid as a formula for this parameter.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This is a non-reporting global parameter. As such it does not allow the current operation.   
An assigned expression will compute the parameter's actual value. 
In order to set a formula, the global parameter must be non-reporting. Therefore a reporting parameter must be changed to non-reporting first before assigning a formula. 
Value of the evaluated formula must be compatible with the value-type of the parameter. For example, it is permitted to use **Integer** parameters in a formula assigned to a Double (**Number**) parameter, or vice versa. It is not allowed, however, to use **Length** or **Angle** arguments in a formula in a parameter of which type is ether **Integer** or **Number**. To test whether a formula is valid for a global parameter, the method [IsValidFormula(String)](50c83d89-22da-4398-bba8-197345f76192.htm) can be used. 
An empty string can be used to remove an existing formula. When a formula is removed, the parameter retains its value as it was previously computed using the formula. 
Formulas may include all standard arithmetic operations and logical operations (as functions **and** , **or** , **not**.) Input to logical operations must be Boolean values (parameters of **YesNo** type). Consequently, arithmetic operations can be applied to numeric values only. While there are no operations supported for string (text) arguments, strings can be used as results of a logical **If** operation.
#### Reference
[GlobalParameter Class](b0e53a4a-84ad-abb4-358d-9797870f101b.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)