# RoutingPreferenceRuleGroupType Enumeration

---  
Add more rule group type here. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum RoutingPreferenceRuleGroupType
    
    Public Enumeration RoutingPreferenceRuleGroupType
    
    public enum class RoutingPreferenceRuleGroupType
    
    type RoutingPreferenceRuleGroupType
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
Caps| 10|  The cap types   
Crosses| 3|  The cross types.   
Elbows| 1|  The elbow types.   
Junctions| 2|  The junction types (e.g. takeoff, tee, wye, tap).   
MechanicalJoints| 6|  The mechanical joint types that connect fitting to fitting, segment to fitting, or segment to segment.   
Segments| 0|  The segment types (e.g. pipe stocks)   
Transitions| 4|  The transition types (Note that the multi-shape transitions may have their own groups).   
TransitionsOvalToRound| 9|  The multi-shape transition from the oval profile to the round profile.   
TransitionsRectangularToOval| 8|  The multi-shape transition from the rectangular profile to the oval profile.   
TransitionsRectangularToRound| 7|  The multi-shape transition from the rectangular profile to the round profile.   
Undefined| -1|  The undefined group type, the default initial value.   
Unions| 5|  The union types that connect two segments together.   
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)