# View.CanApplyColorFillScheme Method

---  
Checks if the id can be applied as the scheme id of specified category to this view. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public bool CanApplyColorFillScheme(
    	ElementId categoryId,
    	ElementId schemeId
    )
    
    Public Function CanApplyColorFillScheme ( 
    	categoryId As ElementId,
    	schemeId As ElementId
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    bool CanApplyColorFillScheme(
    	ElementId^ categoryId, 
    	ElementId^ schemeId
    )
    
    member CanApplyColorFillScheme : 
            categoryId : ElementId * 
            schemeId : ElementId -> bool 
#### Parameters
categoryId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of category. 
schemeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of color fill scheme. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if the id can be applied as the scheme id of specified category in this view, false otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
The input scheme id could be InvalidElementId to clear the scheme for the specified category.
Some examples of returnning false:
  * The id is not a color fill scheme id.
  * The specified category is not supported by this view.
  * The category of scheme is not the same as the specified category.
  * The view is area plan but the scheme category is not OST_Areas, or their [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::AreaScheme] are not the same.
  * Etc.

#### Reference
[View Class](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)