# UIDocument.SaveAs(UISaveAsOptions) Method

---  
Saves the document to a file name obtained from the Revit user optionally prompting the user to overwrite file if it exists. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.UI](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPIUI (in RevitAPIUI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SaveAs(
    	UISaveAsOptions options
    )
    
    Public Sub SaveAs ( 
    	options As UISaveAsOptions
    )
    
    public:
    void SaveAs(
    	UISaveAsOptions^ options
    )
    
    member SaveAs : 
            options : UISaveAsOptions -> unit 
#### Parameters
options [UISaveAsOptions](3aed4f35-aeda-a06f-2b6e-d7c40e93d529.htm)
     UI options for the SaveAs operation. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ForbiddenForDynamicUpdateException](c5b911f6-1e8f-2cd4-6965-286f41221fe0.htm)|  SaveAs may not be called during dynamic update.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Is not a primary document, it is a linked document. -or- SaveAs is temporarily disabled. -or- Thrown if there are any transactions, sub-transactions or transaction groups which were opened by the API code, and not closed. All of these items must be handled before attempting to save the document.   
[OperationCanceledException](aea34480-ceb5-b49f-129d-0799e7bb1c21.htm)|  Thrown if saving is cancelled by an external application during 'DocumentSavingAs' event.   
This method may not be called unless all transactions, sub-transactions, and transaction groups that were opened by the API code were closed. 
That also implies that this method cannot be called during dynamic updates. 
#### Reference
[UIDocument Class](295b48c8-0571-ad5c-eead-baea84a6787c.htm)
[SaveAs Overload](41ba07ee-10d0-85ed-e24e-69e707a3fbf4.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.htm)