# RadialArray.Create(Document, View, ElementId, Int32, Line, Double, ArrayAnchorMember) Method

---  
Creates a new radial array element from a single element based on an input rotation axis. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static RadialArray Create(
    	Document aDoc,
    	View dBView,
    	ElementId id,
    	int count,
    	Line axis,
    	double angle,
    	ArrayAnchorMember anchorMember
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	aDoc As Document,
    	dBView As View,
    	id As ElementId,
    	count As Integer,
    	axis As Line,
    	angle As Double,
    	anchorMember As ArrayAnchorMember
    ) As RadialArray
    
    public:
    static RadialArray^ Create(
    	Document^ aDoc, 
    	View^ dBView, 
    	ElementId^ id, 
    	int count, 
    	Line^ axis, 
    	double angle, 
    	ArrayAnchorMember anchorMember
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            aDoc : Document * 
            dBView : View * 
            id : ElementId * 
            count : int * 
            axis : Line * 
            angle : float * 
            anchorMember : ArrayAnchorMember -> RadialArray 
#### Parameters
aDoc [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
dBView [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
     The view. If it is a 2d view, translation vector must be in the view plane if the element is a view-specific element. 
id [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The element to array. The position of the rotation axis is determined by the center of the element's bounding boxes. 
count Int32
     The number of array members to create. The accepted range is from 3 to 200 in a project document, and between 0 and 200 in a family document. 
axis [Line](e7329450-434a-918b-661c-65e15e0585a5.htm)
     The rotation axis. 
angle Double
     The angle in radians of the rotation. 
anchorMember [ArrayAnchorMember](4e138a54-bc03-a66f-831b-7ab88f15677e.htm)
     Indicates if the translation vector specifies the location of the second member of the array, or the last member of the array. 
#### Return Value
[RadialArray](9264d95c-d206-a3c9-1759-b2eab38d3110.htm) The new radial array element. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The element id does not exist in the document -or- id is not arrayable. -or- count must be between 3 and 200 in project documents and between 0 and 200 in family documents. -or- The view is invalid for specific view elements array. -or- The rotation axis is invalid to array the element. -or- Angle value must be not zero.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Failed to create the radial array.   
#### Reference
[RadialArray Class](9264d95c-d206-a3c9-1759-b2eab38d3110.htm)
[Create Overload](a9d1273c-e259-d459-613a-dfd13996728a.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)