# RebarSpliceError Enumeration

---  
Class that defines states for splicing a Rebar. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum RebarSpliceError
    
    Public Enumeration RebarSpliceError
    
    public enum class RebarSpliceError
    
    type RebarSpliceError
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
InvalidLineOrLinePlaneNormal| 3|  The line length is zero or the line direction is parallel with the line plane normal.   
InvalidRebar| 2|  Free Form rebars, or Shape Driven rebars that are Multiplanar, or have a shape that whose definition is RebarShapeDefinitionByArc, or rebars that are part of a group can't be spliced.   
LineDoesNotIntersectRebarBoundingBox| 4|  The line doesn't intersect the rebar bounding box.   
SpliceGeometryAlmostParallelToBarSegment| 8|  The plane formed by splice geometry is almost parallel to bar segment plane.   
SpliceGeometryDoesNotIntersectAllTheBarsInTheSet| 7|  A plane obtained from splice geometry doesn't intersect all the bars in the set.   
SpliceGeometryOnCrank| 9|  If the splice geometry is on a crank, the rebar can't be spliced with it.   
SpliceGeometryOnHookOrFillet| 5|  If the splice geometry is on a hook or a fillet, the rebar can't be spliced with it.   
Success| 0|  This will be is there is no error.   
TooSmallSegments| 6|  One of the resulting segments is too small to apply the lap.   
Unknown| 1|  There is an unexpected error.   
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)