# RebarShapeDrivenAccessor.ScaleToBox Method

---  
Move and resize the bar to fit within a specified box. The arguments are interpreted as an arbitrary rectangle in 3D with vertices: origin, origin+xVec, origin+xVec+yVec, origin+yVec. The algorithm then proceeds as follows. First the bar is given the default values of the shape parameters from the shape definition. Then, if it is possible to do so without violating the shape definition, the parameter values are scaled so that the width and height of the shape (including bar thickness) match the lengths of xVec and yVec. If there is no way to do this within the shape definition due to overconstraining, a compromise is attempted, such as scaling the whole shape until either the width or the height is correct. Finally the shape is rotated to match the coordinate system of the box. The algorithm is the same one used in one-click placement. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void ScaleToBox(
    	XYZ origin,
    	XYZ xVec,
    	XYZ yVec
    )
    
    Public Sub ScaleToBox ( 
    	origin As XYZ,
    	xVec As XYZ,
    	yVec As XYZ
    )
    
    public:
    void ScaleToBox(
    	XYZ^ origin, 
    	XYZ^ xVec, 
    	XYZ^ yVec
    )
    
    member ScaleToBox : 
            origin : XYZ * 
            xVec : XYZ * 
            yVec : XYZ -> unit 
#### Parameters
origin [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     One corner of the rectangle. 
xVec [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     Vector representing the first edge of the rectangle. The length must be positive. 
yVec [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     Vector representing the second edge of the rectangle. Must be perpendicular to xVec. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  xVec has zero length. -or- yVec has zero length.   
[InapplicableDataException](dc1a6d15-8923-a1fe-722a-4e976634a519.htm)|  This RebarShapeDrivenAccessor is an instance of a spiral or multiplanar shape.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This RebarShapeDrivenAccessor doesn't contain a valid rebar reference. -or- The operation has failed for geometric reasons, such as the box being too small given the bar diameter.   
#### Reference
[RebarShapeDrivenAccessor Class](6d2f77e7-bbe2-5bd5-723a-bf27c3df1a65.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)