# ViewPlan.SetUnderlayRange Method

---  
Sets the underlay base and underlay top to the specified levels. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetUnderlayRange(
    	ElementId baseLevelId,
    	ElementId topLevelId
    )
    
    Public Sub SetUnderlayRange ( 
    	baseLevelId As ElementId,
    	topLevelId As ElementId
    )
    
    public:
    void SetUnderlayRange(
    	ElementId^ baseLevelId, 
    	ElementId^ topLevelId
    )
    
    member SetUnderlayRange : 
            baseLevelId : ElementId * 
            topLevelId : ElementId -> unit 
#### Parameters
baseLevelId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The element id of a level in the project or InvalidElementId. If InvalidElementId, then the underlay base level is not set and no elements will be displayed as underlay. 
topLevelId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The element id of a level in the project or InvalidElementId. If InvalidElementId, then the underlay range is unbounded. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The ElementId baseLevelId does not correspond to a Level in the project. -or- The ElementId topLevelId does not correspond to a Level in the project. -or- The elevation of level topLevelId must be greater than the elevation of level baseLevelId.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
#### Reference
[ViewPlan Class](0520580a-74ec-ed8c-35ea-5274c42276a3.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)