# ImageTypeOptions(String, Boolean, ImageTypeSource) Constructor

---  
Constructs a new instance of the ImageTypeOptions object.
The provided string path must specify a local file. The path can be absolute or relative to the project's location.
This constructor saves an additional setting that indicates whether the imagetype will be a link or an import.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public ImageTypeOptions(
    	string path,
    	bool useRelativePath,
    	ImageTypeSource sourceType
    )
    
    Public Sub New ( 
    	path As String,
    	useRelativePath As Boolean,
    	sourceType As ImageTypeSource
    )
    
    public:
    ImageTypeOptions(
    	String^ path, 
    	bool useRelativePath, 
    	ImageTypeSource sourceType
    )
    
    new : 
            path : string * 
            useRelativePath : bool * 
            sourceType : ImageTypeSource -> ImageTypeOptions
#### Parameters
path String
     The file path that specifies the image to be used. 
useRelativePath Boolean
     True if ImageType should use a relative path, false otherwise. 
sourceType [ImageTypeSource](b175940c-15a0-7bda-6f76-408f37e41ffe.htm)
     Specifies the image type source. Valid values are 'Import' and 'Link'. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The ImageType source is not correct. Only Link or Import values are allowed.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
#### Reference
[ImageTypeOptions Class](981135c3-777b-df9b-747f-60a35b74e00e.htm)
[ImageTypeOptions Overload](628cbaef-236a-ec0a-d4b3-a5dd17b054b9.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)