# FamilyItemFactory.NewRevolveForms Method

---  
Create new Form elements by revolve operation, and add them into the Autodesk Revit family document.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public FormArray NewRevolveForms(
    	bool isSolid,
    	ReferenceArray profile,
    	Reference axis,
    	double startAngle,
    	double endAngle
    )
    
    Public Function NewRevolveForms ( 
    	isSolid As Boolean,
    	profile As ReferenceArray,
    	axis As Reference,
    	startAngle As Double,
    	endAngle As Double
    ) As FormArray
    
    public:
    FormArray^ NewRevolveForms(
    	bool isSolid, 
    	ReferenceArray^ profile, 
    	Reference^ axis, 
    	double startAngle, 
    	double endAngle
    )
    
    member NewRevolveForms : 
            isSolid : bool * 
            profile : ReferenceArray * 
            axis : Reference * 
            startAngle : float * 
            endAngle : float -> FormArray 
#### Parameters
isSolid Boolean
    Indicates if the Form is Solid or Void.
profile [ReferenceArray](bc9192b5-6666-a8de-0128-87dae479fd6a.htm)
    The profile of the newly created revolution. It should consist of only one curve loop. The profile must be in the same plane as the axis.
axis [Reference](d28155ae-817b-1f31-9c3f-c9c6a28acc0d.htm)
    The axis of revolution. The axis is a line that must lie in the same plane as the curves in the profile.
startAngle Double
    The start angle of Revolution in radians.
endAngle Double
    The end angle of Revolution in radians.
#### Return Value
[FormArray](24506527-802b-2487-919e-14a4a06f60be.htm)If creation was successful new forms are returned.
Typically this operation produces only a single form, but some combinations of arguments will create multiple forms from a single profile.
#### Reference
[FamilyItemFactory Class](a7622967-1381-c17f-ed04-1ebe40da0440.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)