# Document.Export(String, String, IFCExportOptions) Method

---  
Exports the document to the Industry Standard Classes (IFC) format. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public bool Export(
    	string folder,
    	string name,
    	IFCExportOptions options
    )
    
    Public Function Export ( 
    	folder As String,
    	name As String,
    	options As IFCExportOptions
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    bool Export(
    	String^ folder, 
    	String^ name, 
    	IFCExportOptions^ options
    )
    
    member Export : 
            folder : string * 
            name : string * 
            options : IFCExportOptions -> bool 
#### Parameters
folder String
     Output folder into which the file will be exported. The folder must exist. 
name String
     Either the name of a single file or a prefix for a set of files. If empty, automatic naming will be used. 
options [IFCExportOptions](db8ed2bb-8949-7a7f-e09a-29f6c9916f42.htm)
     Various options applicable to the IFC format. If , all options will be set to their respective default values. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if successful, otherwise False. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  NullOrEmpty -or- Contains invalid characters.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[FileArgumentNotFoundException](ca9ccaa9-ed08-d40d-31a7-1af3ad2dcb84.htm)|  The IFCExportOptions FamilyMappingFile does not exist.   
[ForbiddenForDynamicUpdateException](c5b911f6-1e8f-2cd4-6965-286f41221fe0.htm)|  This method may not be called during dynamic update.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Export is temporarily disabled. -or- Exporting is not allowed in the current application mode. -or- This Document is not a project document.   
[InvalidPathArgumentException](3f3c93a6-008b-f9de-40d4-5cd99bb32b34.htm)|  The folder does not exist.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
[OptionalFunctionalityNotAvailableException](0612a676-b6ba-8c37-2e28-b197438305ab.htm)|  The IFC module is not available in the installed Revit.   
Exporting to IFC requires that document is modifiable, therefore there must be a transaction already open when this method is called. 
This method may not be invoked during dynamic update, for the internal routine might need to modify the existing transaction.
#### Reference
[Document Class](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
[Export Overload](2f535342-ee41-86f9-0022-92ba1f65112d.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)