# DesignToFabricationMappingResult Enumeration

---  
Possible results from setting the mapping from Family symbols to Fabrication part types. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Fabrication](49e74a25-7ea1-efa6-548a-a3c3d0655e43.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum DesignToFabricationMappingResult
    
    Public Enumeration DesignToFabricationMappingResult
    
    public enum class DesignToFabricationMappingResult
    
    type DesignToFabricationMappingResult
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
InvalidFabricationPartType| 3|  Failed because there was an invalid Fabrication part type identifier or an identifier that did not exist in the mappings.   
InvalidFamilySymbol| 2|  Failed because there was an invalid Family symbol identifier or an identifier that did not exist in the mappings.   
Success| 0|  Setting the mappings for conversion was successful.   
Undefined| 1|  Failed because the map contained no entries.   
UnsupportedFabricationPartType| 5|  Failed due to attempting to convert an unsupported Fabrication part type. It is expected to be either valve, strainer, damper, smoke detector, end cap, or other in line component.   
UnsupportedFamilySymbol| 4|  Failed due to attempting to convert an unsupported Family symbol. It is expected to be either valve, strainer, damper, smoke detector, end cap, or other in line component.   
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Fabrication Namespace](49e74a25-7ea1-efa6-548a-a3c3d0655e43.htm)