# ElectricalDemandFactorRule Enumeration

---  
This enum describes the different demand factor rule types available to the application. Within a demand factor a rule will be referenced and the user will have to enter values corresponding to that rule. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Electrical](212a1314-7843-2c6c-3322-363127e4059f.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum ElectricalDemandFactorRule
    
    Public Enumeration ElectricalDemandFactorRule
    
    public enum class ElectricalDemandFactorRule
    
    type ElectricalDemandFactorRule
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
Constant| 0|  This rule will apply a constant demand factor to the loads, regardless of values. It will also be the default for any newly created demand factor, and the default used if a demand factor cannot be found for a load classification.   
LoadTable| 2|  This rule will apply the demand factor for the total load of attached objects to a panel. It is purely a look-up table. For example, if there are 5000 kVA, the user can specify 125% value is applied. If there are 20,000 kVA, the user can specify 100% value is applied.   
LoadTablePerPortion| 4|  This rule will apply the demand factor differently for each row in the table. For example, the 3000kVA will have a 100% demand factor applied, the next 9000 will have a 35% factor applied, and the remaining items will have a 25% factor applied.   
QuantityTable| 1|  This rule will apply the demand factor for the total quantity of attached objects to a panel. It is purely a look-up table. For example, the user can specify that 0 to 2 objects get 100% and 2 to 4 objects get 85% and so on.   
QuantityTablePerPortion| 3|  This rule will apply the demand factor differently for each row in the table. For example, the first two (largest) items will have a 125% demand factor applied and the remaining items will have a 75% factor applied.   
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Electrical Namespace](212a1314-7843-2c6c-3322-363127e4059f.htm)