# SheetCollection.Create(Document, String) Method

---  
Creates a new instance of sheet collection with a specified name and adds it to the document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static SheetCollection Create(
    	Document document,
    	string name
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	name As String
    ) As SheetCollection
    
    public:
    static SheetCollection^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	String^ name
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            name : string -> SheetCollection 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document where the sheet collection element will be created and added. 
name String
     The name of new sheet collection. 
#### Return Value
[SheetCollection](80b4a5d7-4be8-41ce-1fd7-9f1fa3d9c241.htm) The newly created sheet collection element. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  name is an empty string or contains only whitespace. -or- name cannot include prohibited characters, such as "{, }, [, ], |, ;, less-than sign, greater-than sign, ?, `, ~". -or- The given value for name is already in use as a sheet collection name.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements).   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[SheetCollection Class](80b4a5d7-4be8-41ce-1fd7-9f1fa3d9c241.htm)
[Create Overload](b677cb97-1324-7372-ab78-dceb343d8367.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)