# MechanicalUtils.ConnectAirTerminalOnDuct Method

---  
Connects an air terminal to a duct directly (without the need for a tee or takeoff). 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Mechanical](0eafd899-5912-56fd-94b1-d286156e26fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool ConnectAirTerminalOnDuct(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId airTerminalId,
    	ElementId ductCurveId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function ConnectAirTerminalOnDuct ( 
    	document As Document,
    	airTerminalId As ElementId,
    	ductCurveId As ElementId
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool ConnectAirTerminalOnDuct(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ airTerminalId, 
    	ElementId^ ductCurveId
    )
    
    static member ConnectAirTerminalOnDuct : 
            document : Document * 
            airTerminalId : ElementId * 
            ductCurveId : ElementId -> bool 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
airTerminalId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The air terminal id. 
ductCurveId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The duct curve id. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if connection succeeds, false otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The familyinstance is not air terminal. -or- The element is not duct curve. -or- The air terminal already has physical connection. -or- The air terminal connector origin doesn't project within the center line of the duct.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
The current location of the air terminal will be projected to the duct centerline, and if the point can be successfully projected, the air terminal will be placed on the most suitable face of the duct. 
#### Reference
[MechanicalUtils Class](f7cbd23a-1b69-d9bf-88b4-df10a8c4be0b.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Mechanical Namespace](0eafd899-5912-56fd-94b1-d286156e26fc.htm)