# FabricationPart.PlaceFittingAsCutIn Method

---  
Places the fitting on the straight part by cut in, use the fitting's focal point as the insertion position. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool PlaceFittingAsCutIn(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId straightId,
    	ElementId fittingId,
    	XYZ position,
    	Connector fittingConnector,
    	double axisRotation
    )
    
    Public Shared Function PlaceFittingAsCutIn ( 
    	document As Document,
    	straightId As ElementId,
    	fittingId As ElementId,
    	position As XYZ,
    	fittingConnector As Connector,
    	axisRotation As Double
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool PlaceFittingAsCutIn(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ straightId, 
    	ElementId^ fittingId, 
    	XYZ^ position, 
    	Connector^ fittingConnector, 
    	double axisRotation
    )
    
    static member PlaceFittingAsCutIn : 
            document : Document * 
            straightId : ElementId * 
            fittingId : ElementId * 
            position : XYZ * 
            fittingConnector : Connector * 
            axisRotation : float -> bool 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
straightId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Identifier of the straight to be cut in. 
fittingId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Identifier of the fitting to cut in. 
position [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The position to cut in the straight. 
fittingConnector [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The connector of the fitting to align with the primary connector of the straight part. 
axisRotation Double
     Rotation around the direction of connection - angle between width vectors in radians. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if cuts in successful. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  For rectangular and oval parts the axis rotation must be a multiple of PI/2. -or- The fitting connector is not a connector of the fitting. -or- The fitting connector is not valid, it is not within a pair connector for cutting in.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Failed to align fitting to the straight to cut in. -or- There is no enough room in the run for cut in.   
#### Reference
[FabricationPart Class](c9b86162-c105-696a-a919-49a7a7938cc4.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)