# ViewSystemsAnalysisReport.Create Method

---  
Creates a new view for the systems analysis report. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ViewSystemsAnalysisReport Create(
    	Document document,
    	string viewName
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	viewName As String
    ) As ViewSystemsAnalysisReport
    
    public:
    static ViewSystemsAnalysisReport^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	String^ viewName
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            viewName : string -> ViewSystemsAnalysisReport 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document where the view is to be created. 
viewName String
     The name of the new report view. 
#### Return Value
[ViewSystemsAnalysisReport](a7b5b7de-dfdb-e57f-7fac-1ff1dbf35e4d.htm) The newly created view instance, or  if the operation fails. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  viewName cannot include prohibited characters, such as "{, }, [, ], |, ;, less-than sign, greater-than sign, ?, `, ~". -or- viewName is an empty string.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements).   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
A report instance is typically created to request a new systems analysis. The default values include the weather file "USA_CO_Denver.Intl.AP.725650_TMY3.epw" and the workflow file "HVAC Systems Loads and Sizing.osw". Both are part of the Revit installation. The default output folder is the system TEMP folder. 
#### Reference
[ViewSystemsAnalysisReport Class](a7b5b7de-dfdb-e57f-7fac-1ff1dbf35e4d.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis Namespace](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.htm)