# Duct.Create(Document, ElementId, ElementId, ElementId, XYZ, XYZ) Method

---  
Creates a new duct from two points. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Mechanical](0eafd899-5912-56fd-94b1-d286156e26fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static Duct Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId systemTypeId,
    	ElementId ductTypeId,
    	ElementId levelId,
    	XYZ startPoint,
    	XYZ endPoint
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	systemTypeId As ElementId,
    	ductTypeId As ElementId,
    	levelId As ElementId,
    	startPoint As XYZ,
    	endPoint As XYZ
    ) As Duct
    
    public:
    static Duct^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ systemTypeId, 
    	ElementId^ ductTypeId, 
    	ElementId^ levelId, 
    	XYZ^ startPoint, 
    	XYZ^ endPoint
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            systemTypeId : ElementId * 
            ductTypeId : ElementId * 
            levelId : ElementId * 
            startPoint : XYZ * 
            endPoint : XYZ -> Duct 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
systemTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the HVAC system type. 
ductTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the duct type. 
levelId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The level ElementId for the duct. 
startPoint [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The start point of the duct. 
endPoint [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The end point of the duct. 
#### Return Value
[Duct](72548466-370d-b010-eb4d-cde0c3f72482.htm) The created duct. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The systemTypeId is not valid HVAC system type. -or- The duct type ductTypeId is not valid duct type. -or- The ElementId levelId is not a Level. -or- The points of startPoint and endPoint are too close: for MEPCurve, the minimum length is 1/10 inch.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
#### Reference
[Duct Class](72548466-370d-b010-eb4d-cde0c3f72482.htm)
[Create Overload](bd4f213f-0ff0-0b43-1c3c-4ae23c9061e7.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Mechanical Namespace](0eafd899-5912-56fd-94b1-d286156e26fc.htm)