# RebarCurvesData.AddBarGeometry(CurveLoop) Method

---  
Adds a new bar to the new rebar geometry. This information is set to the rebar after the API execution is finished successfully. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public RebarFreeFormValidationResult AddBarGeometry(
    	CurveLoop curves
    )
    
    Public Function AddBarGeometry ( 
    	curves As CurveLoop
    ) As RebarFreeFormValidationResult
    
    public:
    RebarFreeFormValidationResult AddBarGeometry(
    	CurveLoop^ curves
    )
    
    member AddBarGeometry : 
            curves : CurveLoop -> RebarFreeFormValidationResult 
#### Parameters
curves [CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.htm)
     Curves describing one bar in the set. 
#### Return Value
[RebarFreeFormValidationResult](def069dd-2e03-7b93-6482-9bf28c70e7ed.htm) Returns Success if everything is ok, otherwise the failure reason. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Incorrect number of bar geometry for the current layout.   
This function can fail due to following reasons:
  * CurveLoop is empty.
  * CurveLoop contains an unbounded curve.
  * A rebar constructed from curves can't be bent according to the bending radius.

#### Reference
[RebarCurvesData Class](71996f44-c8f9-7695-ccb9-efae09726c9c.htm)
[AddBarGeometry Overload](8c068768-a57c-28fe-80a4-7f22346e46a8.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)