# View.SetCategoryHidden Method

---  
Sets if elements of the given category will be visible in this view. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetCategoryHidden(
    	ElementId categoryId,
    	bool hide
    )
    
    Public Sub SetCategoryHidden ( 
    	categoryId As ElementId,
    	hide As Boolean
    )
    
    public:
    void SetCategoryHidden(
    	ElementId^ categoryId, 
    	bool hide
    )
    
    member SetCategoryHidden : 
            categoryId : ElementId * 
            hide : bool -> unit 
#### Parameters
categoryId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The ID of the category. 
hide Boolean
     True to make elements of this category invisible, false to make them visible. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  categoryId does not correspond to a Category. -or- Category cannot be hidden.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
This affects only if the category is set visible or invisible individually. Other Revit mechanisms may also affect the visibility of elements of this category, including: 
  * The category classes settings for model categories, annotation categories, import categories or analytical model categories. 
  * View filters. 
  * Elements hidden individually in the view. 

Thus setting this value may not affect the actual visibility of elements of this category in the view. 
#### Reference
[View Class](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)