# IExternalResourceServer.IsResourceWellFormed Method

---  
Implement this method to check whether the given ExternalResourceReference is formatted correctly for this server. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    bool IsResourceWellFormed(
    	ExternalResourceReference extRef
    )
    
    Function IsResourceWellFormed ( 
    	extRef As ExternalResourceReference
    ) As Boolean
    
    bool IsResourceWellFormed(
    	ExternalResourceReference^ extRef
    )
    
    abstract IsResourceWellFormed : 
            extRef : ExternalResourceReference -> bool 
#### Parameters
extRef [ExternalResourceReference](ffad9c15-8fc9-fbfd-f328-101533f4cf74.htm)
     The ExternalResourceReference to check. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if the ExternalResourceReference represents a well-formed resource. False otherwise. 
Different servers will have different requirements.
A server which loads references from a website might require that the reference map contain a key called "URL" and a value that is a valid URL. 
A server which loads references from a network drive might require a key called "Drive" with a value that represents a drive name, plus a key called "Path" with a value that corresponds to a path relative to the root of the drive. 
This function should not check that the resource exists on the server. It should only check that the resource is formatted correctly.
#### Reference
[IExternalResourceServer Interface](c2ad8eee-b358-012b-a09b-8fbc3229652d.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)