# FabricationPart.AlignPartByConnector Method

---  
Align the part by its connector to a point and rotation in free space. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool AlignPartByConnector(
    	Document document,
    	Connector connector,
    	XYZ position,
    	double rotation,
    	double rotationPerpendicular,
    	double slope,
    	FabricationPartJustification justification,
    	Transform trf
    )
    
    Public Shared Function AlignPartByConnector ( 
    	document As Document,
    	connector As Connector,
    	position As XYZ,
    	rotation As Double,
    	rotationPerpendicular As Double,
    	slope As Double,
    	justification As FabricationPartJustification,
    	trf As Transform
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool AlignPartByConnector(
    	Document^ document, 
    	Connector^ connector, 
    	XYZ^ position, 
    	double rotation, 
    	double rotationPerpendicular, 
    	double slope, 
    	FabricationPartJustification justification, 
    	Transform^ trf
    )
    
    static member AlignPartByConnector : 
            document : Document * 
            connector : Connector * 
            position : XYZ * 
            rotation : float * 
            rotationPerpendicular : float * 
            slope : float * 
            justification : FabricationPartJustification * 
            trf : Transform -> bool 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
connector [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The connector to align in free space. 
position [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The position to move the connector to. 
rotation Double
     The rotation in radians. 
rotationPerpendicular Double
     The perpendicular rotation for free placement around the Y axis direction of connection - angle in radians. 
slope Double
     The slope value to flex to match if possible in fractional units (eg.1/50). Positive values are up, negative are down. Slopes can only be applied to fittings, whilst straights will inherit the slope from the piece it is connecting to. 
justification [FabricationPartJustification](5c6c9daf-4547-01f1-9ba8-39a970ca9e68.htm)
     The justification to align eccentric parts. 
trf [Transform](58dd01c8-b3fc-7142-e4f3-c524079a282d.htm)
     Optional alignment transformation matrix, eg. a Trf that describes plan or side elevation. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if the alignment succeeds, false otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The connector does not belong to a fabrication part. -or- The fabrication part is connected.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
#### Reference
[FabricationPart Class](c9b86162-c105-696a-a919-49a7a7938cc4.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)