# ItemFactoryBase.NewFamilyInstance(Line, FamilySymbol, View) Method

---  
Add a line based detail family instance into the Autodesk Revit document, using an line and a view where the instance should be placed.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public FamilyInstance NewFamilyInstance(
    	Line line,
    	FamilySymbol symbol,
    	View specView
    )
    
    Public Function NewFamilyInstance ( 
    	line As Line,
    	symbol As FamilySymbol,
    	specView As View
    ) As FamilyInstance
    
    public:
    FamilyInstance^ NewFamilyInstance(
    	Line^ line, 
    	FamilySymbol^ symbol, 
    	View^ specView
    )
    
    member NewFamilyInstance : 
            line : Line * 
            symbol : FamilySymbol * 
            specView : View -> FamilyInstance 
#### Parameters
line [Line](e7329450-434a-918b-661c-65e15e0585a5.htm)
    The line location of family instance. The line must in the plane of the view. 
symbol [FamilySymbol](a1acaed0-6a62-4c1d-94f5-4e27ce0923d3.htm)
    A family symbol object that represents the type of the instance that is to be inserted.
specView [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
    A 2D view in which to display the family instance.
#### Return Value
[FamilyInstance](0d2231f8-91e6-794f-92ae-16aad8014b27.htm)
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown when input argument line or symbol or specView is .  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when input argument line or symbol or specView is invalid, or cannot make such type in the specView, or the line is not in the plane of specView.  
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when failed to create the instance.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when attempting to place a model-based family. Only 2D detail families can be placed in views.   
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)| Thrown if The symbol is not active.  
This overload applies only to 2D family line based detail symbols. The type/symbol that is used must be loaded into the document before this method is called. Families and their symbols can be loaded using the Document.LoadFamily or Document.LoadFamilySymbol methods. 
#### Reference
[ItemFactoryBase Class](cba2c84a-22c0-e6e7-a99c-67656901853a.htm)
[NewFamilyInstance Overload](451ee414-cea0-e9bd-227b-c73bc93507dd.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)