# FabricationPart.AlignPartByConnectorToConnector Method

---  
Align a part by its connector to another connector. This will replace the FabricationPart::AlignPartByConnectors method. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool AlignPartByConnectorToConnector(
    	Document document,
    	Connector connector,
    	Connector fixedConnector,
    	double rotation,
    	double slope,
    	FabricationPartJustification justification
    )
    
    Public Shared Function AlignPartByConnectorToConnector ( 
    	document As Document,
    	connector As Connector,
    	fixedConnector As Connector,
    	rotation As Double,
    	slope As Double,
    	justification As FabricationPartJustification
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool AlignPartByConnectorToConnector(
    	Document^ document, 
    	Connector^ connector, 
    	Connector^ fixedConnector, 
    	double rotation, 
    	double slope, 
    	FabricationPartJustification justification
    )
    
    static member AlignPartByConnectorToConnector : 
            document : Document * 
            connector : Connector * 
            fixedConnector : Connector * 
            rotation : float * 
            slope : float * 
            justification : FabricationPartJustification -> bool 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
connector [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The connector of the fabrication part to move by in free space. 
fixedConnector [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The connector for the fabrication part or family connector to align to. 
rotation Double
     The rotation in radians. 
slope Double
     The slope value to flex to match if possible in fractional units (eg.1/50). Positive values are up, negative are down. Slopes can only be applied to fittings, whilst straights will inherit the slope from the piece it is connecting to. 
justification [FabricationPartJustification](5c6c9daf-4547-01f1-9ba8-39a970ca9e68.htm)
     The justification to align eccentric parts. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if the alignment succeeds, false otherwise and the part will not move from the original position. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  For rectangular and oval parts the axis rotation must be a multiple of PI/2. -or- The connector does not belong to a fabrication part. -or- The fabrication part is connected.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
#### Reference
[FabricationPart Class](c9b86162-c105-696a-a919-49a7a7938cc4.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)