# PointOnCurveMeasurementType Enumeration

---  
Point on curve measurement type Defines the types of measurements that may be used when placing a point at a designated distance along a curve. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum PointOnCurveMeasurementType
    
    Public Enumeration PointOnCurveMeasurementType
    
    public enum class PointOnCurveMeasurementType
    
    type PointOnCurveMeasurementType
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
Angle| 6|  Angle - defined only for arc and circle. It is the angle subtended at the center by the portion of the curve from the star to the given point.   
ChordLength| 5|  Chord length = length of the chord (line segment) joining the start point and the given point. Also known as 3D distance   
NonNormalizedCurveParameter| 1|  The non-normalized (actual) curve parameter value of the given point. The curve parameter is the defining parameter of the curve. It is also known as the raw/natural parameter.   
NormalizedCurveParameter| 2|  Normalized value of the curve parameter. It is defined for curves with user defined bounds or natural bounds, start and end. It is measured as the fraction of the curve parameter (t) over the total parametric range = (t-start) / (end-start). Its value varies between 0 and 1. 0 corresponds to the start and 1 corresponds to the end.   
NormalizedSegmentLength| 4|  Normalized segment length. It is defined for curves with user defined bounds or natural bounds. It is measured as the fraction of the segment length over the total length of the curve. Its value varies between 0 and 1. 0 corresponds to the start and 1 corresponds to the end.   
SegmentLength| 3|  Length of the curve segment between the start point and the given point.   
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)