# BRepBuilderSurfaceGeometry.Create Method

---  
Construct BRepBuilderSurfaceGeometry based on a permitted Revit Surface. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static BRepBuilderSurfaceGeometry Create(
    	Surface surface,
    	BoundingBoxUV surfaceEnvelope
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	surface As Surface,
    	surfaceEnvelope As BoundingBoxUV
    ) As BRepBuilderSurfaceGeometry
    
    public:
    static BRepBuilderSurfaceGeometry^ Create(
    	Surface^ surface, 
    	BoundingBoxUV^ surfaceEnvelope
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            surface : Surface * 
            surfaceEnvelope : BoundingBoxUV -> BRepBuilderSurfaceGeometry 
#### Parameters
surface [Surface](bb391358-5ca0-578d-e8e2-6d1b30c472d8.htm)
     The Revit surface defining the geometry. This BRepBuilderSurfaceGeometry stores a copy of the input surface. 
surfaceEnvelope [BoundingBoxUV](e38a0145-4267-0b3f-0718-adb14e34c94e.htm)
     Envelope of the surface in the uv parametric domain. Defines the domain of interest for the created surface. This is typically used to identify the domain of the face that references the surface in question. Expected to either be null or define a valid domain. 
#### Return Value
[BRepBuilderSurfaceGeometry](c21d4101-cc15-1990-ee9f-994b487bf95d.htm)
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  A surface of this type cannot be used as a part of the geometry generated by BRepBuilder.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
Permitted Surface types are those for which [IsPermittedSurfaceType(Surface)](040692f6-8493-74dc-4d6c-8b8668a2fe27.htm) returns true. 
#### Reference
[BRepBuilderSurfaceGeometry Class](c21d4101-cc15-1990-ee9f-994b487bf95d.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)