# SingleServerService.SetActiveServer(Guid) Method

---  
Set an active server applicable application-wide for the service. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService](a88f2d1d-c02f-a901-9543-44e4b5dd5fc9.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetActiveServer(
    	Guid serverId
    )
    
    Public Sub SetActiveServer ( 
    	serverId As Guid
    )
    
    public:
    void SetActiveServer(
    	Guid serverId
    )
    
    member SetActiveServer : 
            serverId : Guid -> unit 
#### Parameters
serverId Guid
     Id of the application server. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The given Id is not of a server registered with the service.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The operation is not allowed because the service is being executed. -or- For a service that doesn't support activation, the servers can't be activated/deactivated.   
Only one server can be active at any given time in a single-server service, but it is possible that no server is active (unless the service is mandatory). 
An application-wide active server gets executed when the service is invoked in the scope of the entire application (i.e. without a specific document), or if the service is executed in a document but the document does not have an active server explicitly set. 
For a service which has cref="Autodesk::Revit::DB::ExternalService::SupportActivation" set to true it is possible to set a server as active when another server is already active for that service. Making a server active will automatically deactivate the server that was active before this call. 
For a service which has cref="Autodesk::Revit::DB::ExternalService::SupportActivation" set to false calling this method will throw exception. For this kind of service only one server can be added, and it will be marked by default as active. 
#### Reference
[SingleServerService Class](8491691e-2a26-684e-f43c-e8e0095fd129.htm)
[SetActiveServer Overload](81afb322-3236-ab36-6088-9d3dfde28fb1.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService Namespace](a88f2d1d-c02f-a901-9543-44e4b5dd5fc9.htm)