# RebarShapeDefinition.AddParameter Method

---  
Add a parameter to the shape definition. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void AddParameter(
    	ElementId paramId,
    	double defaultValue
    )
    
    Public Sub AddParameter ( 
    	paramId As ElementId,
    	defaultValue As Double
    )
    
    public:
    void AddParameter(
    	ElementId^ paramId, 
    	double defaultValue
    )
    
    member AddParameter : 
            paramId : ElementId * 
            defaultValue : float -> unit 
#### Parameters
paramId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The parameter. To obtain the id of a shared parameter, call RebarShapeParameters.GetElementIdForExternalDefinition. 
defaultValue Double
     A default value for this parameter in shapes. The default values should be chosen carefully, because they are required to be consistent as a set of constraints. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  paramId is not the id of a shared parameter in the current document, or its unit type is not Reinforcement_Length, Angle or Number. -or- The name of a shared parameter identified by paramId was already used by another shared parameter of the element.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
A shape parameter must be a shared parameter and have value type double. A parameter must be added to the definition before it can be used to drive the shape in a RebarShapeConstraint object. A parameter that does not drive a constraint is legal and will simply become an editable parameter on any Rebar that is an instance of this RebarShape. 
#### Reference
[RebarShapeDefinition Class](bb1f59be-c95e-a45b-8d2b-8121df179676.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)