# CompoundStructureError Enumeration

---  
When CompoundStructure::isValid() returns false, it uses these values to indicate precise nature of defect. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum CompoundStructureError
    
    Public Enumeration CompoundStructureError
    
    public enum class CompoundStructureError
    
    type CompoundStructureError
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
BadShellOrder| 0|  Layer Function Priorities ascend from the Core Boundary to the Finish Face.   
BadShellsStructure| 5|  The number of shell layers is larger than the total number of layers.   
CoreTooThin| 1|  Core contain a membrane layer or thickness of core is zero.   
DeckCantBoundAbove| 12|  There is no layer above Structural deck or it is too thin.   
DeckCantBoundBelow| 13|  There is no layer below Structural deck or it is too thin.   
ExtensibleRegionsNotContiguousAlongBottom| 17|  Extension Layers at the bottom of the wall must be adjacent.   
ExtensibleRegionsNotContiguousAlongTop| 16|  Extension Layers at the top of the wall must be adjacent.   
InvalidMaterialId| 15|  Element id used as material id does not correspond to an actual MaterialElem.   
InvalidProfileId| 18|  Element id used as profile id does not correspond to a valid deck profile.   
MembraneTooThick| 3|  Thickness of membrane layer is more than zero.   
NonmembraneTooThin| 4|  Thickness of non-membrane layer is too thin.   
ThinOuterLayer| 6|  Thickness of face layer is too thin.   
VarThickLayerCantBeZero| 14|  Variable thickness layer have zero thickness.   
VerticalUnusedLayer| 7|  A layer is not membrane layer and the Thickness of layer is zero.   
VerticalWrongOrderCoreExterior| 9|  Exterior core boundary have more than one face at any height.   
VerticalWrongOrderCoreInterior| 10|  Interior core boundary have more than one face at any height.   
VerticalWrongOrderLayer| 8|  Layers assigned to the same Row are not on the same side of the Core Boundary.   
VerticalWrongOrderMembrane| 11|  Membrane Layer have more than one face at any height.   
'LayerTooThin' enum value was removed in 2016 
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)