# WorksharingUtils.CreateNewLocal Method

---  
Takes a path to a central model and copies the model into a new local file for the current user. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static void CreateNewLocal(
    	ModelPath sourcePath,
    	ModelPath targetPath
    )
    
    Public Shared Sub CreateNewLocal ( 
    	sourcePath As ModelPath,
    	targetPath As ModelPath
    )
    
    public:
    static void CreateNewLocal(
    	ModelPath^ sourcePath, 
    	ModelPath^ targetPath
    )
    
    static member CreateNewLocal : 
            sourcePath : ModelPath * 
            targetPath : ModelPath -> unit 
#### Parameters
sourcePath [ModelPath](40a84c72-e4b8-72ac-2f71-3216c66a11b3.htm)
     The path to the central model. 
targetPath [ModelPath](40a84c72-e4b8-72ac-2f71-3216c66a11b3.htm)
     The path to put the new local file. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The given path sourcePath is a cloud path which is not supported in this method. -or- The model is not workshared. -or- The central model has not fully enabled worksharing. It must be opened and resaved to finish enabling worksharing. -or- The model is a local file. -or- The central model is not saved in the current Revit version. -or- The model is transmitted. -or- -or- The specified filepath is invalid.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[CentralModelAccessDeniedException](3e38b7b1-1ee8-c7f0-6cdd-bacf67bf61f4.htm)|  Access to the central model was denied due to lack of access privileges. -or- Access to the central model was denied. A possible reason is because the model was under maintenance.   
[CentralModelContentionException](ad511076-c435-23c1-5720-1205c4ed28b9.htm)|  The central model is locked by another user. -or- The central model is being accessed by another client.   
[CentralModelException](0e2ac15f-ca64-42c3-b3ef-e6f7ca1cb59a.htm)|  The central model is missing. -or- An internal error happened on the central model, please contact the server administrator.   
[FileArgumentAlreadyExistsException](bffdd5da-7a0a-2450-efa8-84a1deeebae3.htm)|  The file or folder already exists and cannot be overwritten.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This functionality is not available in Revit LT. -or- File already exists! -or- Revit Server does not support local models.   
[RevitServerCommunicationException](a0003d89-0113-6623-65da-0db5c568bfb6.htm)|  The server-based central model could not be accessed because of a network communication error.   
[RevitServerInternalException](6dcd093c-d643-07cd-535f-36ffa9d2db52.htm)|  An internal error happened on the server, please contact the server administrator.   
#### Reference
[WorksharingUtils Class](ae7857a0-4e9b-f9c1-84c7-8b250af68068.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)