# BuildingOperatingYearSchedule.SetScheduleForDay Method

---  
Sets the BuildingOperatingDaySchedule for this day of the year. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetScheduleForDay(
    	DateTime day,
    	BuildingOperatingDaySchedule daySchedule
    )
    
    Public Sub SetScheduleForDay ( 
    	day As DateTime,
    	daySchedule As BuildingOperatingDaySchedule
    )
    
    public:
    void SetScheduleForDay(
    	DateTime day, 
    	BuildingOperatingDaySchedule^ daySchedule
    )
    
    member SetScheduleForDay : 
            day : DateTime * 
            daySchedule : BuildingOperatingDaySchedule -> unit 
#### Parameters
day DateTime
     The day of the year. The value must be in 2023 (the template year) and have the time zone set to gmt/utc. Time values will be ignored. 
daySchedule [BuildingOperatingDaySchedule](b9a7693c-e3ae-72d0-8d15-b377025b90b7.htm)
     The schedule used on that day. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  daySchedule must be in the same document.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  day must be in the year 2023.   
The day argument must be in 2023 to match the template year in the user interface calendar: it has 365 days and starts on a Sunday. 
#### Reference
[BuildingOperatingYearSchedule Class](18d6fc71-5801-04cf-082d-4deb26b7756b.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis Namespace](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.htm)