# Curve.Intersect(Curve) Method

---  
**Note: This API is now obsolete.**
Calculates the intersection of this curve with the specified curve.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    [ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Use the new Curve.Intersect method with CurveIntersectResultOption.Simple. Note also that the updated method has improved handling of certain edge cases.")]
    public SetComparisonResult Intersect(
    	Curve curve
    )
    
    <ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Use the new Curve.Intersect method with CurveIntersectResultOption.Simple. Note also that the updated method has improved handling of certain edge cases.")>
    Public Function Intersect ( 
    	curve As Curve
    ) As SetComparisonResult
    
    public:
    [ObsoleteAttribute(L"This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Use the new Curve.Intersect method with CurveIntersectResultOption.Simple. Note also that the updated method has improved handling of certain edge cases.")]
    SetComparisonResult Intersect(
    	Curve^ curve
    )
    
    [<ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Use the new Curve.Intersect method with CurveIntersectResultOption.Simple. Note also that the updated method has improved handling of certain edge cases.")>]
    member Intersect : 
            curve : Curve -> SetComparisonResult 
#### Parameters
curve [Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.htm)
    The specified curve to intersect with this curve.
#### Return Value
[SetComparisonResult](3310a68d-b67a-79cb-ea54-deb00d9f60d9.htm)
  * SetComparisonResult.Overlap - One or more intersections were encountered. 
  * SetComparisonResult.Subset - The inputs are parallel lines with only one common intersection point, or the curve used to invoke the intersection check is a line entirely within the unbound line passed as argument curve.
  * SetComparisonResult.Superset - The input curve is entirely within the unbound line used to invoke the intersection check.
  * SetComparisonResult.Disjoint - There is no intersection found between the two curves.
  * SetComparisonResult.Equal - The two curves are identical.

Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  The specified curve is .   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Failed to calculate the intersection.   
#### Reference
[Curve Class](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.htm)
[Intersect Overload](570fb842-cac3-83f5-1ab9-621e55186ead.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)