# NonContinuousRailStructure.AddNonContinuousRail Method

---  
Creates and appends a new Non-Continuous Rail to the Rail Structure. The new Non-Continuous Rail will have the given name, height and offset. It will have default profile and material ElementIds. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Architecture](720f0c58-cb2b-4f13-374a-7348ed0a1cd3.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public NonContinuousRailInfo AddNonContinuousRail(
    	string name,
    	double height,
    	double offset
    )
    
    Public Function AddNonContinuousRail ( 
    	name As String,
    	height As Double,
    	offset As Double
    ) As NonContinuousRailInfo
    
    public:
    NonContinuousRailInfo^ AddNonContinuousRail(
    	String^ name, 
    	double height, 
    	double offset
    )
    
    member AddNonContinuousRail : 
            name : string * 
            height : float * 
            offset : float -> NonContinuousRailInfo 
#### Parameters
name String
     The name of the non-continuous rail. 
height Double
     The height on which the non-continuous rail will be placed. 
offset Double
     The offset of the non-continuous rail from a [Railing](4af1265f-859e-123b-ada5-a479324f3dee.htm) center. 
#### Return Value
[NonContinuousRailInfo](1ba1192c-2cfc-7996-e087-6b515ea4fb15.htm) Handle to the new Non-Continuous Rail. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  name is an empty string or contains only whitespace. -or- name cannot include prohibited characters, such as "{, }, [, ], |, ;, less-than sign, greater-than sign, ?, `, ~". -or- The name is a duplicate of an existing non-continuous rail. -or- The height height is not valid for the non-continuous rail because it is greater than the height of the RailingType to which it belongs.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  The given value for height must be no more than 30000 feet in absolute value. -or- The given value for offset must be no more than 30000 feet in absolute value.   
#### Reference
[NonContinuousRailStructure Class](a47d9f99-df86-e25b-d24f-635362d065b6.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Architecture Namespace](720f0c58-cb2b-4f13-374a-7348ed0a1cd3.htm)