# Face.Intersect(Face) Method

---  
Calculates the intersection of the specified face with this face and returns the intersection results.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public FaceIntersectionFaceResult Intersect(
    	Face face
    )
    
    Public Function Intersect ( 
    	face As Face
    ) As FaceIntersectionFaceResult
    
    public:
    FaceIntersectionFaceResult Intersect(
    	Face^ face
    )
    
    member Intersect : 
            face : Face -> FaceIntersectionFaceResult 
#### Parameters
face [Face](e32b3b1f-66fc-57cb-6e1c-aa81d1bf3e63.htm)
    The specified face to intersect with this face.
#### Return Value
[FaceIntersectionFaceResult](dafc9c77-f17a-1ad8-0bcb-422b4309ee43.htm)
  * FaceIntersectionFaceResult.Intersecting - One or more intersections were encountered.
  * SetComparisonResult.NonIntersecting - There is no intersection found.

Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  The face is .   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The intersection calculation fails.   
This is not a general-purpose function: it only works properly for simple configurations. For other configurations, it may return an incorrect result. Some configurations for which the function might return a correct result are: 
  * A planar face that fully intersects another face in a single curve, when the other face is planar or cylindrical.
  * A cylindrical face that fully intersects another face in a single curve, when the other face is planar.

#### Reference
[Face Class](e32b3b1f-66fc-57cb-6e1c-aa81d1bf3e63.htm)
[Intersect Overload](54279fb3-b9de-12d4-c49b-7f61cff074c8.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)