# Document.Paint(ElementId, Face, ElementId) Method

---  
Paint the element's face with specified material. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void Paint(
    	ElementId elementId,
    	Face face,
    	ElementId materialId
    )
    
    Public Sub Paint ( 
    	elementId As ElementId,
    	face As Face,
    	materialId As ElementId
    )
    
    public:
    void Paint(
    	ElementId^ elementId, 
    	Face^ face, 
    	ElementId^ materialId
    )
    
    member Paint : 
            elementId : ElementId * 
            face : Face * 
            materialId : ElementId -> unit 
#### Parameters
elementId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The element that the face belongs to. 
face [Face](e32b3b1f-66fc-57cb-6e1c-aa81d1bf3e63.htm)
     The painted element's face. 
materialId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The material to be painted on the face 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The element elementId does not exist in the document -or- The element materialId does not exist in the document -or- The face doesn't belong to the element -or- The materialId doesn't specify a material element. -or- The element's face cannot be painted.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[Document Class](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
[Paint Overload](f6a99488-ae33-46f8-849d-4c68869f68cd.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)