# Curve.ComputeDerivatives Method

---  
Returns the vectors describing the curve at the specified parameter. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public Transform ComputeDerivatives(
    	double parameter,
    	bool normalized
    )
    
    Public Function ComputeDerivatives ( 
    	parameter As Double,
    	normalized As Boolean
    ) As Transform
    
    public:
    Transform^ ComputeDerivatives(
    	double parameter, 
    	bool normalized
    )
    
    member ComputeDerivatives : 
            parameter : float * 
            normalized : bool -> Transform 
#### Parameters
parameter Double
     The parameter to be evaluated. 
normalized Boolean
     If false, param is interpreted as natural parameterization of the curve. If true, param is expected to be in [0,1] interval mapped to the bounds of the curve. Setting to true is valid only if the curve is bound. 
#### Return Value
[Transform](58dd01c8-b3fc-7142-e4f3-c524079a282d.htm) The transformation containing the point on the curve, the tangent vector, derivative of tangent vector, and bi-normal vector. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The given value for parameter is not finite   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  The curve cannot be evaluated as normalized because it is unbound. -or- The parameter is not a valid value for normalized evaluation.   
The following is the meaning of the transformation members: 
  * Origin is the point on the curve (equivalent to [Evaluate(Double, Boolean)](1145f18e-3e01-60df-e438-e176c38c3ce9.htm)).
  * BasisX is the tangent vector (the first derivative).
  * BasisY is the second derivative. Note that for curves where this cannot be uniquely determined (e.g. lines), this will be a Zero vector.
  * BasisZ is the bi-normal vector (tangent x normal). Note that for curves where normal cannot be uniquely determined (e.g. lines), this will be a Zero vector.

None of the vectors are normalized. 
#### Reference
[Curve Class](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)