# AssemblyViewUtils.CreateSingleCategorySchedule(Document, ElementId, ElementId, ElementId, Boolean) Method

---  
Creates a new single-category schedule assembly view for the assembly instance. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ViewSchedule CreateSingleCategorySchedule(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId assemblyInstanceId,
    	ElementId scheduleCategoryId,
    	ElementId viewTemplateId,
    	bool isAssigned
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreateSingleCategorySchedule ( 
    	document As Document,
    	assemblyInstanceId As ElementId,
    	scheduleCategoryId As ElementId,
    	viewTemplateId As ElementId,
    	isAssigned As Boolean
    ) As ViewSchedule
    
    public:
    static ViewSchedule^ CreateSingleCategorySchedule(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ assemblyInstanceId, 
    	ElementId^ scheduleCategoryId, 
    	ElementId^ viewTemplateId, 
    	bool isAssigned
    )
    
    static member CreateSingleCategorySchedule : 
            document : Document * 
            assemblyInstanceId : ElementId * 
            scheduleCategoryId : ElementId * 
            viewTemplateId : ElementId * 
            isAssigned : bool -> ViewSchedule 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document to which the view will be added. 
assemblyInstanceId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Id of the assembly instance that owns the new view. 
scheduleCategoryId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Id of the category for which the schedule will be created. Use ViewSchedule.IsValidCategoryForSchedule() to check if a category can be scheduled. 
viewTemplateId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Id of the view template that is used to create the view; if invalidElementId, the view will be created with the default settings. 
isAssigned Boolean
     If true, the template will be assigned, if false, the template will be applied. 
#### Return Value
[ViewSchedule](0dae24ba-5dcb-9a34-cccc-0cf8cc52bcd3.htm) A new single-category schedule assembly view. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  assemblyInstanceId is not an AssemblyInstance. -or- scheduleCategoryId is not a valid category for a regular schedule. -or- viewTemplateId is not a correct view template for the schedule view.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
The new single-category schedule will be preloaded with fields "Family and Type" and "Count". The schedule will be empty if there are no elements of the specified category in the assembly instance. The document must be regenerated before using the schedule. 
#### Reference
[AssemblyViewUtils Class](4c839bed-9f56-c255-afba-8152c9171a22.htm)
[CreateSingleCategorySchedule Overload](e7120665-ebad-13f3-5647-0d41b20dd8aa.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)