# AssemblyDetailViewOrientation Enumeration

---  
Orientation of the Assembly Detail View. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum AssemblyDetailViewOrientation
    
    Public Enumeration AssemblyDetailViewOrientation
    
    public enum class AssemblyDetailViewOrientation
    
    type AssemblyDetailViewOrientation
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
DetailSectionA| 1|  The Detail View will be oriented vertically, looking north.   
DetailSectionB| 2|  The Detail View will be oriented vertically, looking west.   
ElevationBack| 8|  The Detail View will be oriented vertically, with its cut plane along the back face of the assembly's bounding box, looking into the bounding box.   
ElevationBottom| 4|  The Detail View will be oriented horizontally, with its cut plane along the bottom face of the assembly's bounding box, looking up into the bounding box.   
ElevationFront| 7|  The Detail View will be oriented vertically, with its cut plane along the front face of the assembly's bounding box, looking into the bounding box.   
ElevationLeft| 5|  The Detail View will be oriented vertically, with its cut plane along the left face of the assembly's bounding box, looking into the bounding box.   
ElevationRight| 6|  The Detail View will be oriented vertically, with its cut plane along the right face of the assembly's bounding box, looking into the bounding box.   
ElevationTop| 3|  The Detail View will be oriented horizontally, with its cut plane along the top face of the assembly's bounding box, looking down into the bounding box.   
HorizontalDetail| 0|  The Detail View will be oriented horizontally, looking down.   
The orientation can be specified during creation but not modified for existing views. 
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)