# Document.NewSpaces2(Level, Phase, View) Method

---  
Creates new spaces on the available plan circuits of a the given level. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public ICollection<ElementId> NewSpaces2(
    	Level level,
    	Phase phase,
    	View view
    )
    
    Public Function NewSpaces2 ( 
    	level As Level,
    	phase As Phase,
    	view As View
    ) As ICollection(Of ElementId)
    
    public:
    ICollection<ElementId^>^ NewSpaces2(
    	Level^ level, 
    	Phase^ phase, 
    	View^ view
    )
    
    member NewSpaces2 : 
            level : Level * 
            phase : Phase * 
            view : View -> ICollection<ElementId> 
#### Parameters
level [Level](577e5d4e-a558-118c-9dea-3b810b061775.htm)
     The level on which the spaces is to exist. 
phase [Phase](ab01f390-a8e8-c21c-b2d0-6dd21056cdec.htm)
     The phase in which the spaces is to exist. 
view [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
     The view on which the space tags for the spaces are to display. 
#### Return Value
ICollection[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm) If successful, a set of ElementIds which contains the rooms should be returned, otherwise the exception will be thrown. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)| The view of the relevant level can not be retrieved.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)| The phase is invalid or regeneration fails at the end of the creation.   
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)| Thrown if the level does not exist in the given document.  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)| Thrown if the phase does not exist in the given document.  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)| Thrown if the view does not exist in the given document.  
This method will regenerate the document even in manual regeneration mode. 
#### Reference
[Document Class](ab1718f9-45fb-b3d3-827e-32ff81cf929c.htm)
[NewSpaces2 Overload](6242c492-98a3-facb-7da4-b6f57ff8c82a.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)