# Pipe.Create(Document, ElementId, ElementId, ElementId, XYZ, XYZ) Method

---  
Creates a new pipe from two points. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Plumbing](cc553597-37c2-fcd9-6025-d904c129c80a.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static Pipe Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId systemTypeId,
    	ElementId pipeTypeId,
    	ElementId levelId,
    	XYZ startPoint,
    	XYZ endPoint
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	systemTypeId As ElementId,
    	pipeTypeId As ElementId,
    	levelId As ElementId,
    	startPoint As XYZ,
    	endPoint As XYZ
    ) As Pipe
    
    public:
    static Pipe^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ systemTypeId, 
    	ElementId^ pipeTypeId, 
    	ElementId^ levelId, 
    	XYZ^ startPoint, 
    	XYZ^ endPoint
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            systemTypeId : ElementId * 
            pipeTypeId : ElementId * 
            levelId : ElementId * 
            startPoint : XYZ * 
            endPoint : XYZ -> Pipe 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
systemTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The ElementId of the piping system type. 
pipeTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The ElementId of the pipe type. 
levelId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The level ElementId for the pipe. 
startPoint [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The start point of the pipe. 
endPoint [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The end point of the pipe. 
#### Return Value
[Pipe](aa1b8294-c12d-ece0-00af-b17c1f1c9e03.htm) The pipe. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The systemTypeId is not valid piping system type. -or- The pipe type pipeTypeId is not valid pipe type. -or- The ElementId levelId is not a Level. -or- The points of startPoint and endPoint are too close: for MEPCurve, the minimum length is 1/10 inch.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
#### Reference
[Pipe Class](aa1b8294-c12d-ece0-00af-b17c1f1c9e03.htm)
[Create Overload](04817280-4044-112c-d229-59e8a50b1c95.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Plumbing Namespace](cc553597-37c2-fcd9-6025-d904c129c80a.htm)