# FilteredElementCollector.UnionWith Method

---  
Unites the set of elements passing the filter in this collector with the set of elements passing the filter in another collector. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public FilteredElementCollector UnionWith(
    	FilteredElementCollector other
    )
    
    Public Function UnionWith ( 
    	other As FilteredElementCollector
    ) As FilteredElementCollector
    
    public:
    FilteredElementCollector^ UnionWith(
    	FilteredElementCollector^ other
    )
    
    member UnionWith : 
            other : FilteredElementCollector -> FilteredElementCollector 
#### Parameters
other [FilteredElementCollector](263cf06b-98be-6f91-c4da-fb47d01688f3.htm)
     The other collector 
#### Return Value
[FilteredElementCollector](263cf06b-98be-6f91-c4da-fb47d01688f3.htm) A handle to this collector. This is the same collector that has just been modified, returned so you can chain multiple calls together in one line. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The collector does not have a filter applied. Extraction or iteration of elements is not permitted without a filter.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The collector does not have a filter applied. Extraction or iteration of elements is not permitted without a filter.   
The result will be the same as using a LogicalOrFilter to connect this filter with another. If you have an active iterator to this collector it will be stopped by this call. 
#### Reference
[FilteredElementCollector Class](263cf06b-98be-6f91-c4da-fb47d01688f3.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)