# AdaptivePointOrientationType Enumeration

---  
An enumerated type containing possible orientation types for Adaptive Points. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum AdaptivePointOrientationType
    
    Public Enumeration AdaptivePointOrientationType
    
    public enum class AdaptivePointOrientationType
    
    type AdaptivePointOrientationType
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
ToGlobalXYZ| 7| The adaptive point will be oriented to the coordinate system of the document the instance is placed in.This option was previously named: PlacementOrthogonal  
ToGlobalZthenHost| 6| The Z axis of the adaptive point will be oriented to the Z axis of the document the instance is placed in. The XY axis are determined by the XY of the geometry the point is hosted on.This option was previously named: PlacementVertical.  
ToHost| 2| The adaptive point will be oriented to the coordinate system of the geometry the point is hosted on. This option was previously named: HostReferenceStrictly  
ToHostAndLoopSystem| 3| The adaptive point will be oriented to the coordinate system of the geometry the point is hosted on. However, the orientation of the Z axis is controlled by the order of placed points. If the placed adaptive points of a component are placed in a different order with respect to the host order, (clockwise instead of counter-clockwise), then the Z axis will invert and the planar projection will flip.This option was previously named: HostReferenceAutoFlip.  
ToInstance| 9| The adaptive point will be oriented to the coordinate system of the adaptive family instance the point is part of. This is the default orientation of adaptive points.This option was previously named: FamilyOrthogonal  
ToInstanceZthenHost| 8| The Z axis of the adaptive point will be oriented to the Z axis of the adaptive family instance the point is part of. The XY axis are determined by the XY of the geometry the point is hosted on.This option was previously named: FamilyVertical  
The default orientation of adaptive points is AdaptivePointOrientationType.ToInstance.
All the items of this enumerated type were renamed for Revit 2016 to better align the names with the corresponding text in the Revit UI. The numeric values of the items weren't modified, allowing existing applications to work. However, to be able to rebuild an application, all point orientations need to be changed to their respective new names.
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)