# RadialDimension.Create Method

---  
Creates a new instance of an Radial Dimension element within the project. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static RadialDimension Create(
    	Document document,
    	View dbView,
    	Reference arcRef,
    	bool isDiameter
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	dbView As View,
    	arcRef As Reference,
    	isDiameter As Boolean
    ) As RadialDimension
    
    public:
    static RadialDimension^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	View^ dbView, 
    	Reference^ arcRef, 
    	bool isDiameter
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            dbView : View * 
            arcRef : Reference * 
            isDiameter : bool -> RadialDimension 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document where new Radial Dimension is created. 
dbView [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
     The view in which the Radial Dimension will appear. 
arcRef [Reference](d28155ae-817b-1f31-9c3f-c9c6a28acc0d.htm)
     The reference which the Radial Dimension will witness. 
isDiameter Boolean
     Set to true to create a Diameter dimension 
#### Return Value
[RadialDimension](d47e8a0e-1337-3009-1f3a-e64b95eac591.htm) The newly created Radial Dimension instance, or  if the operation fails. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Reference should be an Arc reference and the origin should lie within the Arc.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[RadialDimension Class](d47e8a0e-1337-3009-1f3a-e64b95eac591.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)