# AnalyticalMember.Create Method

---  
Creates a new instance of an Analytical Member within the project. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static AnalyticalMember Create(
    	Document aDoc,
    	Curve curve
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	aDoc As Document,
    	curve As Curve
    ) As AnalyticalMember
    
    public:
    static AnalyticalMember^ Create(
    	Document^ aDoc, 
    	Curve^ curve
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            aDoc : Document * 
            curve : Curve -> AnalyticalMember 
#### Parameters
aDoc [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     A Revit document. 
curve [Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.htm)
     Curve of the analytical member. 
#### Return Value
[AnalyticalMember](57c87ac5-a82e-5c7e-2f06-6dbf1f697566.htm) The newly created Analytical Member instance. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The input curve is not bound. -or- The provided curve is not supported.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
The curve must be bounded. The curve can be: 
  * Line 
  * Arc 
  * Ellipse 

#### Reference
[AnalyticalMember Class](57c87ac5-a82e-5c7e-2f06-6dbf1f697566.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)