# ScheduleFieldType Enumeration

---  
The type of data displayed in a schedule field. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum ScheduleFieldType
    
    Public Enumeration ScheduleFieldType
    
    public enum class ScheduleFieldType
    
    type ScheduleFieldType
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
Analytical| 17|  A parameter of the analytical element of a scheduled physical element.   
CombinedParameter| 20|  Combine parameters of the types that display in a specific part of a schedule. The values for the combined parameters will display in the same cell separated by a slash or other separator. You can add a prefix, suffix or sample value to the parameter.   
Count| 2|  The number of elements appearing on the schedule row.   
CustomField| 24|  For this field type the value for each row is computed based on the (sub)elements that are grouped on that row and can have a graphic representation when the schedule is placed on a sheet.   
ElementType| 1|  A type parameter of the scheduled elements.   
Formula| 5|  A formula calculated from the values of other fields in the schedule.   
FromRoom| 8|  A parameter of the room on the "from" side of a door or window.   
HostCount| 23|  Counts the number of hosts with different mark.   
Instance| 0|  An instance parameter of the scheduled elements. All shared parameters also use this type, regardless of whether they are instance or type parameters.   
Material| 11|  In a material takeoff, a parameter of one of the materials of a scheduled element.   
MaterialQuantity| 12|  In a material takeoff, a value representing how a particular material is used within a scheduled element. The parameter ID can be MATERIAL_AREA, MATERIAL_VOLUME, or MATERIAL_ASPAINT.   
Percentage| 6|  A value indicating what percent of the total of another field each element represents.   
PhysicalInstance| 19|  An instance parameter of the physical element of a scheduled analytical element.   
PhysicalType| 18|  A type parameter of the physical element of a scheduled analytical element.   
ProjectInfo| 10|  A parameter of the Project Info element in the project that the scheduled element belongs to, which may be a linked file. Only allowed in schedules that include elements from linked files.   
Revision| 25|  A parameter of the revision element that the scheduled revision cloud element belongs to.   
RevitLinkInstance| 13|  A parameter of the RevitLinkInstance that an element in a linked file belongs to. Currently RVT_LINK_INSTANCE_NAME is the only supported parameter. Only allowed in schedules that include elements from linked files.   
RevitLinkType| 14|  A parameter of the RevitLinkType that an element in a linked file belongs to. Currently RVT_LINK_FILE_NAME_WITHOUT_EXT is the only supported parameter. Only allowed in schedules that include elements from linked files.   
Room| 7|  A parameter of the room that a scheduled element belongs to.   
Sheets| 27|  A parameter of the sheet view owning an annotation element (e.g. Revision Cloud)   
Space| 16|  A parameter of the space that a scheduled element belongs to.   
StructuralMaterial| 15|  A parameter of the structural material of a scheduled element.   
ToRoom| 9|  A parameter of the room on the "to" side of a door or window.   
ViewBased| 4| A specialized type of field used for a few parameters whose displayed values can change based on the settings of the view:
  * ROOM_AREA and ROOM_PERIMETER in room and space schedules.
  * PROJECT_REVISION_REVISION_NUM in revision schedules.
  * KEYNOTE_NUMBER in keynote legends that are numbered by sheet.

  
Views| 26|  A parameter of the primary view owning an annotation element (e.g. Revision Cloud)   
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)