# CurveElement.SetSketchPlaneAndCurve Method

---  
Sets the sketch plane and the curve for this CurveElement. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetSketchPlaneAndCurve(
    	SketchPlane sketchPlane,
    	Curve curve
    )
    
    Public Sub SetSketchPlaneAndCurve ( 
    	sketchPlane As SketchPlane,
    	curve As Curve
    )
    
    public:
    void SetSketchPlaneAndCurve(
    	SketchPlane^ sketchPlane, 
    	Curve^ curve
    )
    
    member SetSketchPlaneAndCurve : 
            sketchPlane : SketchPlane * 
            curve : Curve -> unit 
#### Parameters
sketchPlane [SketchPlane](ba104029-d175-7e75-caef-667a4281f4af.htm)
    The new sketch plane.
curve [Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.htm)
    The new curve. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown if the argument is .   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown if the CurveElement is CurveByPoints or belongs to a Path3d element. -- or -- Thrown if the sketch plane is set on a DetailCurve. -- or -- Thrown if the sketch plane is not suitable. -- or -- Thrown if the CurveElement belongs to a sketch-based element. -- or -- Thrown if modifying the sketch plane is not allowed. -- or -- Thrown if the CurveElement cannot be moved out of its sketch plane. -- or -- Thrown if the input curve is of a type different from the current. -- or -- Thrown if the input curve is bound and the current is not or vice versa. -- or -- Thrown if the input curve is helical. -- or -- Thrown if the input curve lies outside of the SketchPlane of the current curve.   
Unlike the setters of [SketchPlane](e8c6a9e9-e048-d750-2951-6f45ac7f350d.htm) and [GeometryCurve](713ec948-c85c-24fa-0668-c2c2bbdc4c73.htm), this method will reset relationships between the two properties and with other elements. To set a geometry curve which belongs to a sketch-based elements, use [GeometryCurve](713ec948-c85c-24fa-0668-c2c2bbdc4c73.htm)
#### Reference
[CurveElement Class](61673852-2d08-003d-e9fd-4be89d533774.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)