# RebarShapeConstraintProjectedSegmentLength Constructor

---  
Constructs a new instance of a RebarConstraintProjectEdgedLength object using a shape parameter, direction, and reference types. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public RebarShapeConstraintProjectedSegmentLength(
    	ElementId paramId,
    	UV direction,
    	int tripleProductSign,
    	RebarShapeSegmentEndReferenceType refType0,
    	RebarShapeSegmentEndReferenceType refType1
    )
    
    Public Sub New ( 
    	paramId As ElementId,
    	direction As UV,
    	tripleProductSign As Integer,
    	refType0 As RebarShapeSegmentEndReferenceType,
    	refType1 As RebarShapeSegmentEndReferenceType
    )
    
    public:
    RebarShapeConstraintProjectedSegmentLength(
    	ElementId^ paramId, 
    	UV^ direction, 
    	int tripleProductSign, 
    	RebarShapeSegmentEndReferenceType refType0, 
    	RebarShapeSegmentEndReferenceType refType1
    )
    
    new : 
            paramId : ElementId * 
            direction : UV * 
            tripleProductSign : int * 
            refType0 : RebarShapeSegmentEndReferenceType * 
            refType1 : RebarShapeSegmentEndReferenceType -> RebarShapeConstraintProjectedSegmentLength
#### Parameters
paramId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The Id of a Rebar Shape parameter. 
direction [UV](1724be37-059b-91ff-aa74-d1508082f76d.htm)
     A vector specifying the direction of the constraint. The direction is fixed, and the shape is always constructed so that the segment's direction has a positive dot product with this vector. 
tripleProductSign Int32
     Sign of the z-coordinate of the cross product of the "direction" argument with the segment vector. In other words, 1 if the segment direction is to be on the left of the constraint direction, or -1 if the segment direction is to be on the right. 
refType0 [RebarShapeSegmentEndReferenceType](92c3fafa-996d-cca9-cc7e-a73d4c94ae57.htm)
     Choose between two possibilities for the first reference of the length constraint. 
refType1 [RebarShapeSegmentEndReferenceType](92c3fafa-996d-cca9-cc7e-a73d4c94ae57.htm)
     Choose between two possibilities for the second reference of the length constraint. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  paramId is not a valid Element identifier. -or- tripleProductSign is not 1 or -1.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  direction has zero length. -or- A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
#### Reference
[RebarShapeConstraintProjectedSegmentLength Class](a41486b4-25c4-c955-f1ab-c585ffb92bd2.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)