# Document.NewTakeoffFitting Method

---  
Add a new family instance of an takeoff fitting into the Autodesk Revit document, using one connector and one MEP curve.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public FamilyInstance NewTakeoffFitting(
    	Connector connector,
    	MEPCurve curve
    )
    
    Public Function NewTakeoffFitting ( 
    	connector As Connector,
    	curve As MEPCurve
    ) As FamilyInstance
    
    public:
    FamilyInstance^ NewTakeoffFitting(
    	Connector^ connector, 
    	MEPCurve^ curve
    )
    
    member NewTakeoffFitting : 
            connector : Connector * 
            curve : MEPCurve -> FamilyInstance 
#### Parameters
connector [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
    The connector to be connected to the takeoff.
curve [MEPCurve](38714847-0f40-7021-aa79-2884c3a02ce2.htm)
    The duct or pipe which is the trunk for the takeoff.
#### Return Value
[FamilyInstance](0d2231f8-91e6-794f-92ae-16aad8014b27.htm)If creation was successful then an family instance to the new object is returned, otherwise an exception with failure information will be thrown.
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument connector1 or curve is .   
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when the connector and the curve cannot be used for takeoff creation. For example, they must be of the same domain, the curve must be a duct or pipe, and the owner of the connector should be (flex) duct or pipe.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when takeoff fitting cannot be created.   
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)| Thrown if the curve does not exist in the given document.  
#### Reference
[Document Class](ab1718f9-45fb-b3d3-827e-32ff81cf929c.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)