# NumberSystem.Create(Document, ElementId, LinkElementId, StairsNumberSystemReferenceOption, LinkElementId) Method

---  
Creates a new instance of a NumberSystem associated to a host element, a view, and a reference level of stairs if in a multistory stairs. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static NumberSystem Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId viewId,
    	LinkElementId hostElementId,
    	StairsNumberSystemReferenceOption referenceOption,
    	LinkElementId placementLevelId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	viewId As ElementId,
    	hostElementId As LinkElementId,
    	referenceOption As StairsNumberSystemReferenceOption,
    	placementLevelId As LinkElementId
    ) As NumberSystem
    
    public:
    static NumberSystem^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ viewId, 
    	LinkElementId^ hostElementId, 
    	StairsNumberSystemReferenceOption referenceOption, 
    	LinkElementId^ placementLevelId
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            viewId : ElementId * 
            hostElementId : LinkElementId * 
            referenceOption : StairsNumberSystemReferenceOption * 
            placementLevelId : LinkElementId -> NumberSystem 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
viewId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The view in which the NumberSystem will be created. 
hostElementId [LinkElementId](6e18abde-8787-9906-8576-ab0c9c5432c6.htm)
     The host id on which the NumberSystem will be created. 
referenceOption [StairsNumberSystemReferenceOption](5b9b34c5-9e7b-1b20-54a9-572a6459a075.htm)
     The reference option of the NumberSystem. 
placementLevelId [LinkElementId](6e18abde-8787-9906-8576-ab0c9c5432c6.htm)
     The id of the level on which the NumberSystem will be placed. The placement level must be one of the base levels of a stairs group members. It is suggested to get the level from MultistoryStairs.GetStairsPlacementLevels(). 
#### Return Value
[NumberSystem](5c027e93-1dff-9a6e-8602-5b3a3da60ada.htm) The created NumberSystem. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  viewId is not valid for placement of a NumberSystem (only floor plan views and elevation views are permitted). -or- hostElementId is not valid as a host for NumberSystem (only StairsRun elements are permitted in this release). -or- The reference option is not valid for a NumberSystem. -or- The placementLevelId is not one of the stairs base levels. -or- The hostElementId already has a number system.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
In multistory stairs, a stairs element could be a stair group or individual stair. This method allows to add a NumberSystem for a run of an individual stairs or a stairs group member on the placementLevelId. 
#### Reference
[NumberSystem Class](5c027e93-1dff-9a6e-8602-5b3a3da60ada.htm)
[Create Overload](e56310b2-3357-dadf-7f42-2ccac6045e70.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)