# ScheduleFilterType Enumeration

---  
Type of schedule filter. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum ScheduleFilterType
    
    Public Enumeration ScheduleFilterType
    
    public enum class ScheduleFilterType
    
    type ScheduleFilterType
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
BeginsWith| 10|  For a string field, the field value begins with the specified string.   
Contains| 8|  For a string field, the field value contains the specified string.   
EndsWith| 12|  For a string field, the field value ends with specified string.   
Equal| 2|  The field value is equal to the specified value.   
GreaterThan| 4|  The field value is greater than the specified value.   
GreaterThanOrEqual| 5|  The field value is greater than or equal to the specified value.   
HasNoValue| 17|  The element does not have a value for the specified parameter. No value is specified.   
HasParameter| 1|  The element has the parameter specified by the field. Used with shared parameters. No value is specified for this filter type.   
HasValue| 16|  The element has a value for the specified parameter. No value is specified.   
Invalid| 0|  An invalid filter. Do not use.   
IsAssociatedWithGlobalParameter| 14|  The field is associated with a specified global parameter of a compatible type   
IsNotAssociatedWithGlobalParameter| 15|  The field is not associated with a specified global parameter of a compatible type   
LessThan| 6|  Less The field value is less than to the specified value.   
LessThanOrEqual| 7|  The field value is less than or equal to the specified value.   
NotBeginsWith| 11|  For a string field, the field value does not begin with the specified string.   
NotContains| 9|  For a string field, the field value does not contain the specified string.   
NotEndsWith| 13|  For a string field, the field value does not end with the specified string.   
NotEqual| 3|  The field value is not equal to the specified value.   
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)