# CompoundStructure.SetLayerWidth Method

---  
Sets the width of a specified layer. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetLayerWidth(
    	int layerIdx,
    	double width
    )
    
    Public Sub SetLayerWidth ( 
    	layerIdx As Integer,
    	width As Double
    )
    
    public:
    void SetLayerWidth(
    	int layerIdx, 
    	double width
    )
    
    member SetLayerWidth : 
            layerIdx : int * 
            width : float -> unit 
#### Parameters
layerIdx Int32
     Index of a layer in the CompoundStructure. The layer index is zero based. It counts from the exterior of wall and from the top of roofs, floors and ceilings. 
width Double
     The new width of the specified layer. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The width of the layer is not valid.   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  The layer index is out of range.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  If the region of the layer is not a simple region.   
If the structure is vertically compound, and the layer is associated to a single simple region, the width of that region is adjusted. If layerIdx is 0 or LayerCount-1, and there is no associated region in the VerticalRegionsStructure, one will be created and associated to the layer. If the specified layer index is associated to a simple region, and the width is set to 0.0, that region will be deleted. 
#### Reference
[CompoundStructure Class](dc1a081e-8dab-565f-145d-a429098d353c.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)