# CableTray.Create Method

---  
Creates a new instance of cable tray. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Electrical](212a1314-7843-2c6c-3322-363127e4059f.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static CableTray Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId cabletrayType,
    	XYZ startPoint,
    	XYZ endPoint,
    	ElementId levelId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	cabletrayType As ElementId,
    	startPoint As XYZ,
    	endPoint As XYZ,
    	levelId As ElementId
    ) As CableTray
    
    public:
    static CableTray^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ cabletrayType, 
    	XYZ^ startPoint, 
    	XYZ^ endPoint, 
    	ElementId^ levelId
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            cabletrayType : ElementId * 
            startPoint : XYZ * 
            endPoint : XYZ * 
            levelId : ElementId -> CableTray 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
cabletrayType [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The cable tray type. This must be a cable tray type accepted by isValidCableTrayType(). If the input cable tray type is InvalidElementId, the default cable tray type from the document will be used. 
startPoint [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The start point of the cable tray location line. 
endPoint [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The end point of the cable tray location line. 
levelId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The element id of the level which this cable tray based. If the input level id is invalidElementId = -1, the nearest level will be used. 
#### Return Value
[CableTray](86d92fdc-69d4-ce86-5222-8cc2a8073132.htm) The newly created cable tray. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  This cable tray type is invalid. -or- This level id is invalid. -or- The points of startPoint and endPoint are too close: for MEPCurve, the minimum length is 1/10 inch.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements).   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
This method will regenerate the document. 
#### Reference
[CableTray Class](86d92fdc-69d4-ce86-5222-8cc2a8073132.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Electrical Namespace](212a1314-7843-2c6c-3322-363127e4059f.htm)