# StructuralConnectionType.Create Method

---  
Create a new StructuralConnectionType, allowing the specified annotation FamilySymbol to be applied to structural members. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static StructuralConnectionType Create(
    	Document doc,
    	StructuralConnectionApplyTo applyTo,
    	string name,
    	ElementId familySymbolId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	doc As Document,
    	applyTo As StructuralConnectionApplyTo,
    	name As String,
    	familySymbolId As ElementId
    ) As StructuralConnectionType
    
    public:
    static StructuralConnectionType^ Create(
    	Document^ doc, 
    	StructuralConnectionApplyTo applyTo, 
    	String^ name, 
    	ElementId^ familySymbolId
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            doc : Document * 
            applyTo : StructuralConnectionApplyTo * 
            name : string * 
            familySymbolId : ElementId -> StructuralConnectionType 
#### Parameters
doc [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
    
applyTo [StructuralConnectionApplyTo](2d0e55f6-fbb5-a5c6-2423-6bb4e759d56e.htm)
     Specify which type of member this connection type can be applied to. 
name String
     A name for the connection type. It must be unique within the document. 
familySymbolId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of an annotation FamilySymbol. InvalidElementId is allowed. Otherwise, the FamilySymbol must be in the category "Connection Symbols" (OST_StructConnectionSymbols) and have its "Apply To" parameter set to match the applyTo argument. 
#### Return Value
[StructuralConnectionType](e3b74cf3-71d8-a230-7fb6-0fdc4c81fca2.htm)
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  familySymbolId is the id of some element that is not a FamilySymbol, is not of the category "Connection Symbols" (OST_StructConnectionSymbols), or has its "Apply To" parameter not equal to applyTo.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
#### Reference
[StructuralConnectionType Class](e3b74cf3-71d8-a230-7fb6-0fdc4c81fca2.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)