# Duct.Create(Document, ElementId, ElementId, Connector, XYZ) Method

---  
Creates a new duct that connects to the connector. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Mechanical](0eafd899-5912-56fd-94b1-d286156e26fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static Duct Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId ductTypeId,
    	ElementId levelId,
    	Connector startConnector,
    	XYZ endPoint
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	ductTypeId As ElementId,
    	levelId As ElementId,
    	startConnector As Connector,
    	endPoint As XYZ
    ) As Duct
    
    public:
    static Duct^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ ductTypeId, 
    	ElementId^ levelId, 
    	Connector^ startConnector, 
    	XYZ^ endPoint
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            ductTypeId : ElementId * 
            levelId : ElementId * 
            startConnector : Connector * 
            endPoint : XYZ -> Duct 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
ductTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The ElementId of the new duct type. 
levelId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The level id for the new duct. 
startConnector [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The first connector where the new duct starts. 
endPoint [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The second point of the new duct. 
#### Return Value
[Duct](72548466-370d-b010-eb4d-cde0c3f72482.htm) The created duct. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The duct type ductTypeId is not valid duct type. -or- The ElementId levelId is not a Level. -or- The connector's domain is not Domain.​DomainHvac. -or- The points of startConnector and endPoint are too close: for MEPCurve, the minimum length is 1/10 inch.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when the new duct fails to connect with the connector.   
The new duct will have the same diameter and system type as the specified connector. The creation will also connect the new duct to the component who owns the specified connector. If necessary, additional fitting(s) are included to make a valid connection. If the new duct can not be connected to the next component (e.g., mismatched direction, no valid fitting, and etc), the new duct will still be created at the specified connector position, and an InvalidOperationException is thrown. 
#### Reference
[Duct Class](72548466-370d-b010-eb4d-cde0c3f72482.htm)
[Create Overload](bd4f213f-0ff0-0b43-1c3c-4ae23c9061e7.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Mechanical Namespace](0eafd899-5912-56fd-94b1-d286156e26fc.htm)