# ImageType.Reload Method

---  
Reloads the ImageType from the file found at the location specified by the [Path](11e87696-9900-94f4-48f9-2e307dd9aae1.htm) property, using the same [PageNumber](2500b06c-f131-8d7b-3fb4-bd3e66335708.htm) and resolution. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void Reload()
    
    Public Sub Reload
    
    public:
    void Reload()
    
    member Reload : unit -> unit 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[FileNotFoundException](73250198-dbc6-e760-4297-ec062f00f574.htm)|  The file represented by Path does not exist.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This ImageType was not loaded from a file. -or- The file represented by Path is not a supported image file type. -or- The image file represented by Path is a password protected PDF file. -or- The image file represented by Path does not contain the page specified by PageNumber. -or- The image file represented by Path could not be read and may be corrupt. -or- An error occurred while handling the external resource corresponding to the image.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document containing this ImageType is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document containing this ImageType is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document containing this ImageType has no open transaction.   
If reload fails (because the image file doesn't exist, cannot be read, or does not have the correct page), the currently loaded image will remain unchanged. 
#### Reference
[ImageType Class](c6213f81-8dc8-158e-0522-70f87e9bdbb9.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)