# AssemblyViewUtils.AcquireAssemblyViews Method

---  
Transfers the assembly views owned by a source assembly instance to a target sibling assembly instance of the same assembly type. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static void AcquireAssemblyViews(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId sourceAssemblyInstanceId,
    	ElementId targetAssemblyInstanceId
    )
    
    Public Shared Sub AcquireAssemblyViews ( 
    	document As Document,
    	sourceAssemblyInstanceId As ElementId,
    	targetAssemblyInstanceId As ElementId
    )
    
    public:
    static void AcquireAssemblyViews(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ sourceAssemblyInstanceId, 
    	ElementId^ targetAssemblyInstanceId
    )
    
    static member AcquireAssemblyViews : 
            document : Document * 
            sourceAssemblyInstanceId : ElementId * 
            targetAssemblyInstanceId : ElementId -> unit 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document in which the assembly instances live. 
sourceAssemblyInstanceId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Id of the assembly instance that currently owns the assembly views. 
targetAssemblyInstanceId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Id of the assembly instance which will become the new owner of the assembly views. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  sourceAssemblyInstanceId is not an AssemblyInstance with assembly views. -or- targetAssemblyInstanceId is not an AssemblyInstance. -or- sourceAssemblyInstanceId and targetAssemblyInstanceId are not AssemblyInstances from the same assembly type.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[AssemblyViewUtils Class](4c839bed-9f56-c255-afba-8152c9171a22.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)