# FamilyManager.ReplaceParameter(FamilyParameter, ExternalDefinition, ForgeTypeId, Boolean) Method

---  
Replace a family parameter with a shared parameter.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public FamilyParameter ReplaceParameter(
    	FamilyParameter currentParameter,
    	ExternalDefinition familyDefinition,
    	ForgeTypeId groupTypeId,
    	bool isInstance
    )
    
    Public Function ReplaceParameter ( 
    	currentParameter As FamilyParameter,
    	familyDefinition As ExternalDefinition,
    	groupTypeId As ForgeTypeId,
    	isInstance As Boolean
    ) As FamilyParameter
    
    public:
    FamilyParameter^ ReplaceParameter(
    	FamilyParameter^ currentParameter, 
    	ExternalDefinition^ familyDefinition, 
    	ForgeTypeId^ groupTypeId, 
    	bool isInstance
    )
    
    member ReplaceParameter : 
            currentParameter : FamilyParameter * 
            familyDefinition : ExternalDefinition * 
            groupTypeId : ForgeTypeId * 
            isInstance : bool -> FamilyParameter 
#### Parameters
currentParameter [FamilyParameter](6175e974-870e-7fbc-3df7-46105f937a6e.htm)
    The current family parameter.
familyDefinition [ExternalDefinition](a3e84415-b88e-a8e0-4e11-64795d92da0e.htm)
    The definition of the loaded shared parameter.
groupTypeId [ForgeTypeId](d9fcf276-9566-de83-2b0b-d89b65ccc8af.htm)
    The identifier of the group to which the new shared parameter belongs.
isInstance Boolean
    Indicates if the new parameter is instance or type.
#### Return Value
[FamilyParameter](6175e974-870e-7fbc-3df7-46105f937a6e.htm)If replacement was successful the new shared parameter is returned, otherwise an exception with failure information will be thrown.
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument-"familyParameter" or "name"-is .   
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument-"familyParameter"-is invalid, or the input parameter group cannot be assigned to the new parameter, or the input name string contains illegal characters, or duplicated with existing parameter name.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when trying to replace a built-in parameter.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when replacement failed, because the replacement would cause a formula error. Or trying to replace with an instance parameter of image type.   
This operation is invalid for Built-in Parameters. The formulas and labels which in reference to this parameter will be updated to the new parameter.
#### Reference
[FamilyManager Class](1cc4fe6c-0e9f-7439-0021-32d2e06f4c33.htm)
[ReplaceParameter Overload](dee9a8dc-d1fb-812a-778d-9c4b1bb840e8.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)