# OBJExportOptions.SurfaceTolerance Property

---  
The maximum distance between mesh triangles and model geometry. This is a percentage value. By exporting, the real value of surface tolerance is calculated as a percent from the length of the diameter of the body bounding box. The minimum allowed value is 0.001%. The maximum allowed value is 1.0%. Default value is 0.1%. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public double SurfaceTolerance { get; set; }
    
    Public Property SurfaceTolerance As Double
    	Get
    	Set
    
    public:
    property double SurfaceTolerance {
    	double get ();
    	void set (double value);
    }
    
    member SurfaceTolerance : float with get, set
#### Property Value
Double
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  When setting this property: The value surfaceTolerance is outside the allowable range of values for SurfaceTolerance tessellation parameter.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  SurfaceTolerance tessellation parameter is default (hasn't been explicitly set by the user) and cannot be obtained now.   
This property can be set by using export resolution type (by creation of OBJExportOptions or using [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::OBJExportOptions::setTessellationSettings(ExportResolution::Enum)] method). In the case of Fine (0.005%), Medium (0.016%) and Coarse (0.04%) resolutions, this property is considered as explicitly set by the user. In the case of Custom resolution type, this property is only allowed to be obtained if it has been explicitly set. 
#### Reference
[OBJExportOptions Class](fe6a5fe3-737a-1d30-fa65-37cc84e6e9d5.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)