# SpanDirectionSymbol.Create Method

---  
Places a new instance of the Span Direction Symbol into the project relative to a particular host element and view. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static SpanDirectionSymbol Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId viewId,
    	LinkElementId elemIdToTag,
    	XYZ headPosistion,
    	ElementId symbolId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	viewId As ElementId,
    	elemIdToTag As LinkElementId,
    	headPosistion As XYZ,
    	symbolId As ElementId
    ) As SpanDirectionSymbol
    
    public:
    static SpanDirectionSymbol^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ viewId, 
    	LinkElementId^ elemIdToTag, 
    	XYZ^ headPosistion, 
    	ElementId^ symbolId
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            viewId : ElementId * 
            elemIdToTag : LinkElementId * 
            headPosistion : XYZ * 
            symbolId : ElementId -> SpanDirectionSymbol 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
viewId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the view in which the symbol should appear. 
elemIdToTag [LinkElementId](6e18abde-8787-9906-8576-ab0c9c5432c6.htm)
     The ElementId of a Floor (either in the document or linked from another document). 
headPosistion [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The span symbol's head position. 
symbolId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the family symbol of this span symbol. 
#### Return Value
[SpanDirectionSymbol](15890f37-0c4c-2b2e-8f34-a575baee7f14.htm) Returns the newly created symbol. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The specified viewId should represent a Plan View. -or- The specified elemIdToTag should represent a Floor element. -or- The specified symbolId isn't valid. It should be a FamilySymbol of OST_SpanDirectionSymbol category.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
#### Reference
[SpanDirectionSymbol Class](15890f37-0c4c-2b2e-8f34-a575baee7f14.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)