# Rebar.SetBarHiddenStatus Method

---  
Sets the bar in this rebar set to be hidden or unhidden in the given view. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetBarHiddenStatus(
    	View view,
    	int barIndex,
    	bool hide
    )
    
    Public Sub SetBarHiddenStatus ( 
    	view As View,
    	barIndex As Integer,
    	hide As Boolean
    )
    
    public:
    void SetBarHiddenStatus(
    	View^ view, 
    	int barIndex, 
    	bool hide
    )
    
    member SetBarHiddenStatus : 
            view : View * 
            barIndex : int * 
            hide : bool -> unit 
#### Parameters
view [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
     The view. 
barIndex Int32
     The index of the bar from this set. 
hide Boolean
     True to hide this bar in the view, false to unhide the bar. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  This rebar cannot have a presentation mode applied for view, as the view is not valid for rebar presentation, or the orientation of the view matches the normal direction of the rebar element.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  barIndex should be in range [ 0, NumberOfBarPositions-1 ] and the bar at barIndex should be included.   
[InapplicableDataException](dc1a6d15-8923-a1fe-722a-4e976634a519.htm)|  This rebar element represents a single bar (the layout rule is Single).   
Individual bars of a rebar set can be hidden in a view only if the presentation mode is RebarPresentationMode.Select. If that is not the presentation mode assigned for this set in the view, this method will also change it. 
#### Reference
[Rebar Class](70fd7426-f4a4-591c-8c06-3c18dda45e7d.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)