# Document.NewZone Method

---  
**Note: This API is now obsolete.**
Creates a new Zone element.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    [ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a future version of Revit. Please use the GenericZone object instead.")]
    public Zone NewZone(
    	Level level,
    	Phase phase
    )
    
    <ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a future version of Revit. Please use the GenericZone object instead.")>
    Public Function NewZone ( 
    	level As Level,
    	phase As Phase
    ) As Zone
    
    public:
    [ObsoleteAttribute(L"This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a future version of Revit. Please use the GenericZone object instead.")]
    Zone^ NewZone(
    	Level^ level, 
    	Phase^ phase
    )
    
    [<ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a future version of Revit. Please use the GenericZone object instead.")>]
    member NewZone : 
            level : Level * 
            phase : Phase -> Zone 
#### Parameters
level [Level](577e5d4e-a558-118c-9dea-3b810b061775.htm)
     The level on which the Zone is to exist. 
phase [Phase](ab01f390-a8e8-c21c-b2d0-6dd21056cdec.htm)
     The associative phase on which the Zone is to exist. 
#### Return Value
[Zone](b47e1280-b436-5f9d-17dc-5b315b50c5ee.htm) If successful a new Zone element within the project, otherwise . 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown when the specified parameter Value is .   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when the electrical system cannot be created by these input phase and level.   
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)| Thrown if the level does not exist in the given document.  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)| Thrown if the phase does not exist in the given document.  
#### Reference
[Document Class](ab1718f9-45fb-b3d3-827e-32ff81cf929c.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)