# RebarFreeFormAccessor.GetTerminationOrientationAtIndex Method

---  
Gets the termination's (e.g. hook, crank ) orientation that is applied to this Rebar at the bar with index barPositionIndex at the specified end. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public RebarTerminationOrientation GetTerminationOrientationAtIndex(
    	int barPositionIndex,
    	int end
    )
    
    Public Function GetTerminationOrientationAtIndex ( 
    	barPositionIndex As Integer,
    	end As Integer
    ) As RebarTerminationOrientation
    
    public:
    RebarTerminationOrientation GetTerminationOrientationAtIndex(
    	int barPositionIndex, 
    	int end
    )
    
    member GetTerminationOrientationAtIndex : 
            barPositionIndex : int * 
            end : int -> RebarTerminationOrientation 
#### Parameters
barPositionIndex Int32
     An index between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1). 
end Int32
     0 for the start termination, 1 for the end termination. 
#### Return Value
[RebarTerminationOrientation](0fa2b2c9-7655-e132-8b84-064a3e13fcd3.htm) Returns the termination (e.g. hook, crank) orientation at the specified end. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  end must be 0 or 1. -or- barPositionIndex is not in the range [ 0, NumberOfBarPositions-1 ].   
If this Rebar has Workshop Instructions set to Straight will return the same value for all barPositionIndex between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1). This value will be the same as Rebar.GetTerminationOrientation(int end).
If this Rebar has Workshop Instructions set to Bent there are different cases: 
  * All bars are matched exactly with a shape. In this case will return the same value for all barPositionIndex between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1). This value will be the same as Rebar.GetTerminationOrientation(int end).
  * All bars are matched in reversed order with a shape. In this case will return the same value for all barPositionIndex between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1). This value will be the same as Rebar.GetTerminationOrientation(int end).
  * Some bars are matched in reversed order and the others are matched exactly with a shape. In this case for bars that are matched reversed will return the termination's (hook, crank) orientation at the opposite end. For the others bars will return the same as Rebar.GetTerminationOrientation(int end).

#### Reference
[RebarFreeFormAccessor Class](bf146aa3-f780-646e-c3cd-42e7a61d18e6.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)