# RevitLinkType.UpdateFromIFC(Document, ExternalResourceReference, String, Boolean) Method

---  
Updates a Revit link type from an IFC file and loads the linked document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public bool UpdateFromIFC(
    	Document document,
    	ExternalResourceReference resourceReference,
    	string revitLinkedFilePath,
    	bool recreateLink
    )
    
    Public Function UpdateFromIFC ( 
    	document As Document,
    	resourceReference As ExternalResourceReference,
    	revitLinkedFilePath As String,
    	recreateLink As Boolean
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    bool UpdateFromIFC(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ExternalResourceReference^ resourceReference, 
    	String^ revitLinkedFilePath, 
    	bool recreateLink
    )
    
    member UpdateFromIFC : 
            document : Document * 
            resourceReference : ExternalResourceReference * 
            revitLinkedFilePath : string * 
            recreateLink : bool -> bool 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document that contains Revit link. 
resourceReference [ExternalResourceReference](ffad9c15-8fc9-fbfd-f328-101533f4cf74.htm)
     An external resource reference describing the source of the IFC file used in creation. 
revitLinkedFilePath String
     The path of the Revit file to create to hold the IFC information. This must be a full path. 
recreateLink Boolean
     If true, the Revit file will be updated based on the information in the IFC file. If false, the existing Revit file will be used. 
#### Return Value
Boolean Returns true if the update succeeded, false otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  document is not a project document. -or- The server referenced by the ExternalResourceReference does not exist or does not implement IExternalResourceServer. -or- The server referenced by the ExternalResourceReference cannot support IFC links. -or- The ExternalResourceReference (resourceReference) is not in a format that is supported by its server.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[FileAccessException](187d56d7-0b37-699f-2abd-6ddebfa93f1e.htm)|  The model cannot be accessed due to lack of access privileges.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The file is not allowed to access. -or- Revit cannot customize worksets for this model.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
This function regenerates the input document. While the options argument allows specification of a path type, the input path argument must be a full path. Relative vs. absolute determines how Revit will store the path, but it needs a complete path to find the linked document initially. Note that the IFC file will not be stored directly in the document; it will instead by stored in an intermediate Revit document, whose location is given by revitLinkedFilePath. 
#### Reference
[RevitLinkType Class](2204a5ab-6476-df41-116d-23dbe3cb5407.htm)
[UpdateFromIFC Overload](9983944d-3177-47ad-84f7-605bb5b39e5b.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)