# FamilyItemFactory.NewArcLengthDimension(View, Arc, Reference, Reference, Reference) Method

---  
Creates a new arc length dimension object using the default dimension type.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public Dimension NewArcLengthDimension(
    	View view,
    	Arc arc,
    	Reference arcRef,
    	Reference firstRef,
    	Reference secondRef
    )
    
    Public Function NewArcLengthDimension ( 
    	view As View,
    	arc As Arc,
    	arcRef As Reference,
    	firstRef As Reference,
    	secondRef As Reference
    ) As Dimension
    
    public:
    Dimension^ NewArcLengthDimension(
    	View^ view, 
    	Arc^ arc, 
    	Reference^ arcRef, 
    	Reference^ firstRef, 
    	Reference^ secondRef
    )
    
    member NewArcLengthDimension : 
            view : View * 
            arc : Arc * 
            arcRef : Reference * 
            firstRef : Reference * 
            secondRef : Reference -> Dimension 
#### Parameters
view [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
     The view in which the dimension is to be visible. 
arc [Arc](1f5f541e-9335-aef3-0e75-59eed9ae2221.htm)
     The extension arc of the dimension. 
arcRef [Reference](d28155ae-817b-1f31-9c3f-c9c6a28acc0d.htm)
     Geometric reference of the arc to which the dimension is to be bound. This reference must be parallel to the extension arc.
firstRef [Reference](d28155ae-817b-1f31-9c3f-c9c6a28acc0d.htm)
     The first geometric reference to which the dimension is to be bound. This reference must intersect the arcRef reference.
secondRef [Reference](d28155ae-817b-1f31-9c3f-c9c6a28acc0d.htm)
     The second geometric reference to which the dimension is to be bound. This reference must intersect the arcRef reference.
#### Return Value
[Dimension](210f88be-e3c5-26a4-7dd8-3296f6725cce.htm)If creation was successful the new arc length dimension is returned, otherwise an exception with failure information will be thrown.
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown when any input argument is .   
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when the argument arcRef/ref1/ref2 is invalid.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when the creation failed.   
The currently user set default style is used for the created dimension. 
#### Reference
[FamilyItemFactory Class](a7622967-1381-c17f-ed04-1ebe40da0440.htm)
[NewArcLengthDimension Overload](50f0d023-395e-259c-3569-28772831ce13.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)