# Ellipse.CreateCurve Method

---  
Creates a new geometric ellipse or elliptical arc object. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static Curve CreateCurve(
    	XYZ center,
    	double xRadius,
    	double yRadius,
    	XYZ xAxis,
    	XYZ yAxis,
    	double startParameter,
    	double endParameter
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreateCurve ( 
    	center As XYZ,
    	xRadius As Double,
    	yRadius As Double,
    	xAxis As XYZ,
    	yAxis As XYZ,
    	startParameter As Double,
    	endParameter As Double
    ) As Curve
    
    public:
    static Curve^ CreateCurve(
    	XYZ^ center, 
    	double xRadius, 
    	double yRadius, 
    	XYZ^ xAxis, 
    	XYZ^ yAxis, 
    	double startParameter, 
    	double endParameter
    )
    
    static member CreateCurve : 
            center : XYZ * 
            xRadius : float * 
            yRadius : float * 
            xAxis : XYZ * 
            yAxis : XYZ * 
            startParameter : float * 
            endParameter : float -> Curve 
#### Parameters
center [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The center. 
xRadius Double
     The x vector radius of the ellipse. 
yRadius Double
     The y vector radius of the ellipse. 
xAxis [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The x axis to define the ellipse plane. Must be normalized. 
yAxis [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The y axis to define the ellipse plane. Must be normalized. 
startParameter Double
     The raw parameter value at the start of the ellipse. 
endParameter Double
     The raw parameter value at the end of the ellipse. 
#### Return Value
[Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.htm) The new ellipse or elliptical arc. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was NULL   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  The given value for xRadius must be greater than 0 and no more than 30000 feet. -or- The given value for yRadius must be greater than 0 and no more than 30000 feet. -or- xAxis is not length 1.0. -or- yAxis is not length 1.0.   
[ArgumentsInconsistentException](05972c68-fa6d-3a83-d720-ad84fbc4780f.htm)|  The vectors xAxis and yAxis are not perpendicular. -or- Start parameter must be less than end parameter. -or- Curve length is too small for Revit's tolerance (as identified by Application.ShortCurveTolerance).   
If the angle range is equal to or greater than 2 * PI, the curve will be automatically converted to an unbounded ellipse. If xRadius and yRadius are almost equal, the curve will be returned as an arc. 
#### Reference
[Ellipse Class](b966b82f-0627-c94a-9f37-994d00bdff18.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)