# RebarBarType.SetCrankStraightLength Method

---  
Sets the crank straigh length for the specified Rebar Crank Type. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetCrankStraightLength(
    	ElementId rebarCrankTypeId,
    	double crankStraightLength
    )
    
    Public Sub SetCrankStraightLength ( 
    	rebarCrankTypeId As ElementId,
    	crankStraightLength As Double
    )
    
    public:
    void SetCrankStraightLength(
    	ElementId^ rebarCrankTypeId, 
    	double crankStraightLength
    )
    
    member SetCrankStraightLength : 
            rebarCrankTypeId : ElementId * 
            crankStraightLength : float -> unit 
#### Parameters
rebarCrankTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The Rebar Crank Type id. Interactions with Rebar Crank Types can be done with the functions in [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::Structure::RebarCrankTypeUtils]. 
crankStraightLength Double
     The new value of the crank straight length. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The rebarCrankTypeId doesn't represent a valid Rebar Crank Type. It should be an ElementType of BuiltInCategory.OST_RebarCrankType category. -or- For the specified Rebar Crank Type is auto calculated and the cannot be manually set. -or- The crank parameters cannot be computed for the specified crankStraightLength and Rebar Crank Type.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  The given value for crankStraightLength must be positive.   
When the crank straight length is set, the crank ratio is keeping the same value. The offset length and angled length are adjusted. 
#### Reference
[RebarBarType Class](467b44cc-54e7-3ecf-07e1-ad15d05fe800.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)