# OBJExportOptions.MaxEdgeLength Property

---  
The maximum length allowed for any chord on an edge or between any two adjacent grid lines. This is a percentage value. By exporting, the real value of maximum edge length is calculated as a percent from the length of the diameter of the body bounding box. The minimum allowed value is 0.1%. The maximum allowed value is 10.0%. By default this property is ignored. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public double MaxEdgeLength { get; set; }
    
    Public Property MaxEdgeLength As Double
    	Get
    	Set
    
    public:
    property double MaxEdgeLength {
    	double get ();
    	void set (double value);
    }
    
    member MaxEdgeLength : float with get, set
#### Property Value
Double
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  When setting this property: The value maxEdgeLength is outside the allowable range of values for MaxEdgeLength tessellation parameter.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  MaxEdgeLength tessellation parameter is default (hasn't been explicitly set by the user) and cannot be obtained now.   
This property can be set by using export resolution type (by creation of OBJExportOptions or using [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::OBJExportOptions::setTessellationSettings(ExportResolution::Enum)] method). In the case of Fine, Medium and Coarse resolutions, this property has the same value (10.0%) and it is considered as explicitly set by the user. In the case of Custom resolution type, this property is only allowed to be obtained if it has been explicitly set. 
#### Reference
[OBJExportOptions Class](fe6a5fe3-737a-1d30-fa65-37cc84e6e9d5.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)