# ExporterIFCUtils.CollectGeometryInfo(ExporterIFC, IFCGeometryInfo, GeometryObject, XYZ, Boolean, Transform) Method

---  
Collects all the target geometry from the input geometry object and adds it as IFC handles to the IFCInfo. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.IFC](b823fafb-1ba1-896b-4097-142c2817ce74.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPIIFC (in RevitAPIIFC.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static void CollectGeometryInfo(
    	ExporterIFC exporterIFC,
    	IFCGeometryInfo geometryInfo,
    	GeometryObject gNode,
    	XYZ offset,
    	bool forceVisible,
    	Transform transform
    )
    
    Public Shared Sub CollectGeometryInfo ( 
    	exporterIFC As ExporterIFC,
    	geometryInfo As IFCGeometryInfo,
    	gNode As GeometryObject,
    	offset As XYZ,
    	forceVisible As Boolean,
    	transform As Transform
    )
    
    public:
    static void CollectGeometryInfo(
    	ExporterIFC^ exporterIFC, 
    	IFCGeometryInfo^ geometryInfo, 
    	GeometryObject^ gNode, 
    	XYZ^ offset, 
    	bool forceVisible, 
    	Transform^ transform
    )
    
    static member CollectGeometryInfo : 
            exporterIFC : ExporterIFC * 
            geometryInfo : IFCGeometryInfo * 
            gNode : GeometryObject * 
            offset : XYZ * 
            forceVisible : bool * 
            transform : Transform -> unit 
#### Parameters
exporterIFC [ExporterIFC](c8697b81-e080-9202-14d3-ec883f951521.htm)
     The exporter. 
geometryInfo [IFCGeometryInfo](741c57df-a409-ea0d-8cb8-edc93c19b74d.htm)
     The container object which collects the geometry. 
gNode [GeometryObject](e0f15010-0e19-6216-e2f0-ab7978145daa.htm)
     The geometry object to be processed. 
offset [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The offset to apply to each of the collected geometry handles. 
forceVisible Boolean
     True to process geometry which is not set as visible. False to only process visible geometry. 
transform [Transform](58dd01c8-b3fc-7142-e4f3-c524079a282d.htm)
     An overall transform to apply to each of the collected geometry handles. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
The type of geometry collected is determined by the method of creation for the IFCGeometryInfo. 
#### Reference
[ExporterIFCUtils Class](e0e78d67-739c-0cd6-9e3d-359e42758c93.htm)
[CollectGeometryInfo Overload](056fa367-794e-d4af-6dd2-3a4d6f4db467.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.IFC Namespace](b823fafb-1ba1-896b-4097-142c2817ce74.htm)