# KeyBasedTreeEntryTable.Reload Method

---  
Reloads KeyBasedTreeEntries from their currently-stored location into this KeyBasedTreeEntryTable. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public ExternalResourceLoadStatus Reload(
    	KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadResults loadResults
    )
    
    Public Function Reload ( 
    	loadResults As KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadResults
    ) As ExternalResourceLoadStatus
    
    public:
    ExternalResourceLoadStatus Reload(
    	KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadResults^ loadResults
    )
    
    member Reload : 
            loadResults : KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadResults -> ExternalResourceLoadStatus 
#### Parameters
loadResults [KeyBasedTreeEntriesLoadResults](f5208754-8b50-cfff-f2ca-f31a0645fbd5.htm)
    
If provided, Revit will use this object to store any errors or warnings that were encountered. Note that if the KeyBasedTreeEntries in the model are already up to date, no errors or warnings will be added to this object.
This argument may be .
#### Return Value
[ExternalResourceLoadStatus](2f8c9146-6ae2-49a7-0a8b-cd544077602e.htm) Returns the outcome of the reload operation. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document containing this KeyBasedTreeEntryTable is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document containing this KeyBasedTreeEntryTable is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document containing this KeyBasedTreeEntryTable has no open transaction.   
Revit will try to read KeyBasedTreeEntries from the resource reference stored within the KeyBasedTreeEntryTable. If the operation fails, the table will be unchanged. 
#### Reference
[KeyBasedTreeEntryTable Class](c5d3e9d9-0221-520b-6163-9843db20d5ea.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)