# ModelPathUtils.ConvertCloudGUIDsToCloudPath Method

---  
Converts a pair of cloud project and model GUIDs to a valid cloud path. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ModelPath ConvertCloudGUIDsToCloudPath(
    	string region,
    	Guid projectGuid,
    	Guid modelGuid
    )
    
    Public Shared Function ConvertCloudGUIDsToCloudPath ( 
    	region As String,
    	projectGuid As Guid,
    	modelGuid As Guid
    ) As ModelPath
    
    public:
    static ModelPath^ ConvertCloudGUIDsToCloudPath(
    	String^ region, 
    	Guid projectGuid, 
    	Guid modelGuid
    )
    
    static member ConvertCloudGUIDsToCloudPath : 
            region : string * 
            projectGuid : Guid * 
            modelGuid : Guid -> ModelPath 
#### Parameters
region String
     The region of the BIM 360 Docs or Autodesk Docs account and project which contains this model. Please see the reference values, like [CloudRegionUS](c5e22d28-4779-809b-0269-cb40cb1f4efb.htm) and [CloudRegionEMEA](4746836b-2385-49ae-db34-326f53d59d91.htm), and the new regions from release note. 
projectGuid Guid
     The GUID of the cloud project which contains the model. 
modelGuid Guid
     The GUID of the Revit cloud model. 
#### Return Value
[ModelPath](40a84c72-e4b8-72ac-2f71-3216c66a11b3.htm) The cloud model path. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[CentralModelException](0e2ac15f-ca64-42c3-b3ef-e6f7ca1cb59a.htm)|  The cloud project is missing.   
[RevitServerCommunicationException](a0003d89-0113-6623-65da-0db5c568bfb6.htm)|  The central server could not be reached.   
[RevitServerUnauthenticatedUserException](b9b68e56-c767-4680-a65b-73d268ee8860.htm)|  You must sign in to Autodesk 360 in order to complete action.   
[RevitServerUnauthorizedException](9e8c1efc-8719-fe01-f311-cfade7b177ed.htm)|  You are unauthorized to access this resource.   
#### Reference
[ModelPathUtils Class](f558548a-af73-483e-5428-9419cb70aeb8.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)