# ViewPlan.Create Method

---  
Creates a new ViewPlan. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ViewPlan Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId viewFamilyTypeId,
    	ElementId levelId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	viewFamilyTypeId As ElementId,
    	levelId As ElementId
    ) As ViewPlan
    
    public:
    static ViewPlan^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ viewFamilyTypeId, 
    	ElementId^ levelId
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            viewFamilyTypeId : ElementId * 
            levelId : ElementId -> ViewPlan 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document to which the ViewPlan will be added. 
viewFamilyTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the ViewFamilyType which will be used by the new ViewPlan. The type needs to be a FloorPlan, CeilingPlan, AreaPlan, or StructuralPlan ViewType. 
levelId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the Level to associate with the new plan view. 
#### Return Value
[ViewPlan](0520580a-74ec-ed8c-35ea-5274c42276a3.htm) The new ViewPlan. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  This view family type is not a plan view type. -or- The ElementId levelId does not correspond to a Level. -or- StructuralPlans can only be created when the structural discipline is enabled whereas FloorPlans and CeilingPlans can only be created when architecture or MEP disciplines are enabled. -or- Plan view creation is not allowed in this family.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[ViewPlan Class](0520580a-74ec-ed8c-35ea-5274c42276a3.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)