# Plane.CreateByNormalAndOrigin Method

---  
Constructs a Plane object from a normal and an origin represented as XYZ objects. Follows the standard conventions for a planar surface. The constructed Plane object will pass through origin and be perpendicular to normal. The X and Y axes of the plane will be defined arbitrarily. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static Plane CreateByNormalAndOrigin(
    	XYZ normal,
    	XYZ origin
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreateByNormalAndOrigin ( 
    	normal As XYZ,
    	origin As XYZ
    ) As Plane
    
    public:
    static Plane^ CreateByNormalAndOrigin(
    	XYZ^ normal, 
    	XYZ^ origin
    )
    
    static member CreateByNormalAndOrigin : 
            normal : XYZ * 
            origin : XYZ -> Plane 
#### Parameters
normal [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     Plane normal. Expected to be a valid non-zero length vector. Doesn't need to be a unit vector. 
origin [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     Plane origin. Expected to lie within the Revit design limits [IsWithinLengthLimits(XYZ)](ac2171af-4250-8a30-faa7-4d7030d29a03.htm). 
#### Return Value
[Plane](6a6ee978-f114-558d-3c69-00d289aa855f.htm)
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The input point lies outside of Revit design limits.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  normal has zero length.   
This function does not guarantee a specific parameterization of the created Plane. Use Plane.Create(Frame) to enforce a specific parameterization of the created Plane object. 
#### Reference
[Plane Class](6a6ee978-f114-558d-3c69-00d289aa855f.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)