# CylindricalSurface.Create Method

---  
Construct a cylindrical surface defined by a local coordinate system and a radius. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static CylindricalSurface Create(
    	Frame frameOfReference,
    	double radius
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	frameOfReference As Frame,
    	radius As Double
    ) As CylindricalSurface
    
    public:
    static CylindricalSurface^ Create(
    	Frame^ frameOfReference, 
    	double radius
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            frameOfReference : Frame * 
            radius : float -> CylindricalSurface 
#### Parameters
frameOfReference [Frame](d44b3fd1-34d0-bfd0-55f6-de24235edf2e.htm)
     frameOfReference is an orthonormal frame that defines a local coordinate system for the cylinder. 
  * Frame.Origin is a point on the cylinder's axis. 
  * Frame.BasisZ points along the axis, while Frame.BasisX and Frame.BasisY are orthogonal to the axis. 
  * The frame may be either left-handed or right-handed (see Frame.IsRightHanded). Note that the "handedness" of the frame does not, by itself, determine the surface's orientation.

radius Double
     Radius of the circle that defines the base of the cylindrical surface. 
#### Return Value
[CylindricalSurface](95d452c1-6f7f-9d8e-a4fb-e2f1fe2818bc.htm) The created CylindricalSurface. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  This Frame object may not be used as a local frame of reference.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  The given value for radius must be greater than 0 and no more than 30000 feet.   
The parametric equation of the cylinder is S(u, v) = Frame.Origin + radius*cos(u)*Frame.BasisX + radius*sin(u)*Frame.BasisY + v*Frame.BasisZ. This implies the following facts: 
  * Frame.BasisX points from the axis point to the point on the cylinder with coordinates (0, 0).
  * Frame.BasisY points in the direction of the partial derivative dS/du at (0, 0).
  * Frame.BasisZ points in the direction of the partial derivative dS/dv at (0, 0).

#### Reference
[CylindricalSurface Class](95d452c1-6f7f-9d8e-a4fb-e2f1fe2818bc.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)