# CADLinkType.Reload(CADLinkOptions) Method

---  
Loads or reloads the link from its currently-stored location. If the link is an external resource, Revit will contact the IExternalResourceServer to get the latest version of the link. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public LinkLoadResult Reload(
    	CADLinkOptions options
    )
    
    Public Function Reload ( 
    	options As CADLinkOptions
    ) As LinkLoadResult
    
    public:
    LinkLoadResult^ Reload(
    	CADLinkOptions^ options
    )
    
    member Reload : 
            options : CADLinkOptions -> LinkLoadResult 
#### Parameters
options [CADLinkOptions](a5d5d78c-cc65-c7a5-0bc8-4413156a2114.htm)
     Options for reloading the link. Options include the ability to preserve graphic overrides on reload. 
#### Return Value
[LinkLoadResult](f846bfb0-b047-9332-567f-75ae880d8359.htm) An object containing the ElementId of the link and an enum value indicating any errors which occurred while trying to load. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This CADLinkType represents an import and cannot be used as a link. -or- The element "this CADLinkType" is in a read-only document.   
If the link is currently loaded, any changes made in-memory to the link's shared coordinates will be discarded.
#### Reference
[CADLinkType Class](593779f4-d044-ba36-1888-969743ce782a.htm)
[Reload Overload](f5962e1d-a10c-193d-5266-0f4e2ed8504a.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)