# IFCParameterTemplate.CopyTemplate Method

---  
Create copy of mapping template with new name. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public IFCParameterTemplate CopyTemplate(
    	Document document,
    	string copyTemplateName
    )
    
    Public Function CopyTemplate ( 
    	document As Document,
    	copyTemplateName As String
    ) As IFCParameterTemplate
    
    public:
    IFCParameterTemplate^ CopyTemplate(
    	Document^ document, 
    	String^ copyTemplateName
    )
    
    member CopyTemplate : 
            document : Document * 
            copyTemplateName : string -> IFCParameterTemplate 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The Revit document to save the copied template. 
copyTemplateName String
     The name for copied template name. 
#### Return Value
[IFCParameterTemplate](dc942a54-38a9-2036-c82d-b7b689f3f81b.htm) The copied mapping template element. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The name already exists.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Failed to create IFCParameterTemplate element.   
The copied template is saved in the document passed as parameter. Passing the same document as the source template's document will create a new template in the same document. The active template of the document remains unchanged. 
#### Reference
[IFCParameterTemplate Class](dc942a54-38a9-2036-c82d-b7b689f3f81b.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)