# RevolvedSurface.IsValidProfileCurve(Frame, Curve) Method

---  
Checks if the input profile curve is valid to create a surface of revolution in the given frame of reference. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool IsValidProfileCurve(
    	Frame frameOfReference,
    	Curve profileCurve
    )
    
    Public Shared Function IsValidProfileCurve ( 
    	frameOfReference As Frame,
    	profileCurve As Curve
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool IsValidProfileCurve(
    	Frame^ frameOfReference, 
    	Curve^ profileCurve
    )
    
    static member IsValidProfileCurve : 
            frameOfReference : Frame * 
            profileCurve : Curve -> bool 
#### Parameters
frameOfReference [Frame](d44b3fd1-34d0-bfd0-55f6-de24235edf2e.htm)
     frameOfReference is an orthonormal frame that defines a local coordinate system for the surface of revolution. 
  * The frame can be "right-handed" or "left-handed". 
  * The origin of the frame is the base of point of the axis of revolution.
  * The BasisZ of the frame is the direction of the axis. 

profileCurve [Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.htm)
     The profile curve. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if the profile curve is valid; False otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
The validity is defined as follows: 
  * The profile curve is bounded and non-degenerate. 
  * It is co-planar with the axis of revolution. 
  * It lies on the xz plane of the frame. 
  * It lies on the right side of the axis. 
  * Only the end points of the profile curve can touch the axis. 

#### Reference
[RevolvedSurface Class](ce0b47e0-2b24-61f5-1434-87fe3ff70390.htm)
[IsValidProfileCurve Overload](b4ba507e-b41c-19a4-944c-4ad9b47e400e.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)