# ProjectLocation.Create Method

---  
Create an instance of ProjectLocation in the document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ProjectLocation Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId siteLocationId,
    	string name
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	siteLocationId As ElementId,
    	name As String
    ) As ProjectLocation
    
    public:
    static ProjectLocation^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ siteLocationId, 
    	String^ name
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            siteLocationId : ElementId * 
            name : string -> ProjectLocation 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document where the new instance of ProjectLocation would be created in. 
siteLocationId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The ElementId of the SiteLocation to which the new ProjectLocation would be created. 
name String
     The name of the instance of ProjectLocation to be created. 
#### Return Value
[ProjectLocation](1249d5fa-74f3-cf64-0a63-7ab370b67a5c.htm) The newly created instance of ProjectLocation. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  document is not a project document. -or- The element siteLocationId does not exist in the document -or- name cannot include prohibited characters, such as "{, }, [, ], |, ;, less-than sign, greater-than sign, ?, `, ~". -or- There is already a ProjectLocation with this name in the given SiteLocation.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
The created instace of ProjectLocation would have the specified name and an identity Transform. 
#### Reference
[ProjectLocation Class](1249d5fa-74f3-cf64-0a63-7ab370b67a5c.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)