# View.SetIsFilterEnabled Method

---  
Sets the filter enabled flag. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetIsFilterEnabled(
    	ElementId filterElementId,
    	bool enable
    )
    
    Public Sub SetIsFilterEnabled ( 
    	filterElementId As ElementId,
    	enable As Boolean
    )
    
    public:
    void SetIsFilterEnabled(
    	ElementId^ filterElementId, 
    	bool enable
    )
    
    member SetIsFilterEnabled : 
            filterElementId : ElementId * 
            enable : bool -> unit 
#### Parameters
filterElementId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The ElementId of the filter. 
enable Boolean
     True if the specified filter should be enabled in this view, false otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Filter is not applied to the view. -or- ElementId is not associated with a FilterElement.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The element "this View" does not belong to a project document. -or- The view type does not support Visibility/Graphics Overriddes.   
Several filters can be applied to a view in a sertain order. This enable/disable flag allows one to quickly turn on/off the action of a particular filter in this view (without removing the filter from the set of applied filters and loosing the corresponding overrides). By default, all the filters applied to a view are enabled. 
#### Reference
[View Class](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)