# GlobalParametersManager.MoveParameterUpOrder Method

---  
Moves given paramerer Up in the current order. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool MoveParameterUpOrder(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId parameterId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function MoveParameterUpOrder ( 
    	document As Document,
    	parameterId As ElementId
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool MoveParameterUpOrder(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ parameterId
    )
    
    static member MoveParameterUpOrder : 
            document : Document * 
            parameterId : ElementId -> bool 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     Document containing the give global parameter 
parameterId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The parameter to move up 
#### Return Value
Boolean Indicates whether the parameter could be moved Up in order or not. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Global parameters are not supported in the given document. A possible cause is that it is not a project document, for global parameters are not supported in Revit families. -or- The input parameterId is not of a valid global parameter of the given document.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
A parameter can only be moved within its parameter group, meaning that repeated moving a parameter will not push the parameter out of and into the next (in order) parameter group. When a parameter can no longer move because it is at the boundary of its group, this method returns False.
This operation has no effect on the global parameters themselves. The rearranged order is only visible in the standard Global Parameters dialog. However, the order of parameters is serialized in the document, thus available on the DB level as well.
#### Reference
[GlobalParametersManager Class](f3af05ec-1f0c-fe86-6708-0a211a40bcda.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)