# MultiReferenceAnnotation.Create Method

---  
Creates a new MultiReferenceAnnotation. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static MultiReferenceAnnotation Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId ownerViewId,
    	MultiReferenceAnnotationOptions options
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	ownerViewId As ElementId,
    	options As MultiReferenceAnnotationOptions
    ) As MultiReferenceAnnotation
    
    public:
    static MultiReferenceAnnotation^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ ownerViewId, 
    	MultiReferenceAnnotationOptions^ options
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            ownerViewId : ElementId * 
            options : MultiReferenceAnnotationOptions -> MultiReferenceAnnotation 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document to which the new MultiReferenceAnnotation will be added. 
ownerViewId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The view in which the multi-reference annotation will appear. 
options [MultiReferenceAnnotationOptions](2e081b6c-38fd-4f03-a372-0dfa841e6248.htm)
     The creation options for the new MultiReferenceAnnotation. 
#### Return Value
[MultiReferenceAnnotation](2224ac33-d7c0-bda8-70de-0005023c2149.htm) The new MultiReferenceAnnotation. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  document is not a project document. -or- The ElementId ownerViewId does not correspond to a View. -or- The ElementId ownerViewId is a view template. -or- The ElementId ownerViewId is a perspective view. -or- The 3D view ownerViewId is not locked. -or- The input 3D view cannot be used to place a MultiReferenceAnnotation object. -or- dimension line direction and dimension plane normal are not orthogonal. -or- There is at least one element that doesn't match the reference category of the MultiReferenceAnnotationType, or there are no elements. -or- for DimensionStyleType LinearFixed dimensions the dimension line direction must be parallel to either the view's vertical or horizontal direction. -or- some references can't be used with a DimensionStyleType Linear dimension of this direction. References must either appear as points in the view or be linear references which are perpendicular to the dimension line. -or- some references can't be used with a DimensionStyleType LinearFixed dimension. Only references which appear as points in the view can be used.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
New linear Dimension and IndependentTag elements will be created as children of the MultiReferenceAnnotation. The IndependentTag will only be created if the MultiReferenceAnnotationType property TagTypeId is valid. 
#### Reference
[MultiReferenceAnnotation Class](2224ac33-d7c0-bda8-70de-0005023c2149.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)