# FabricationPart.AlignPartByConnectors Method

---  
Moves fabrication part by one of its connectors and aligns it to another connector. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool AlignPartByConnectors(
    	Document document,
    	Connector connector,
    	Connector toConnector,
    	double axisRotation
    )
    
    Public Shared Function AlignPartByConnectors ( 
    	document As Document,
    	connector As Connector,
    	toConnector As Connector,
    	axisRotation As Double
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool AlignPartByConnectors(
    	Document^ document, 
    	Connector^ connector, 
    	Connector^ toConnector, 
    	double axisRotation
    )
    
    static member AlignPartByConnectors : 
            document : Document * 
            connector : Connector * 
            toConnector : Connector * 
            axisRotation : float -> bool 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
connector [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The connector of the fabrication part to move and align by. 
toConnector [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The connector of the fabrication part or family to align to. 
axisRotation Double
     Rotation around the direction of connection - angle between width vectors in radians. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if alignment succeeds, false otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  For rectangular and oval parts the axis rotation must be a multiple of PI/2. -or- The connector does not belong to a fabrication part. -or- The fabrication part is connected.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
#### Reference
[FabricationPart Class](c9b86162-c105-696a-a919-49a7a7938cc4.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)