# RebarFreeFormAccessor.GetHookPlaneNormalForBarIdx Method

---  
**Note: This API is now obsolete.**
Returns the plane's normal in which the termination (e.g. hook, crank) at end of bar with index barPositionIndex will stay. The plane's normal is used for both hook and crank. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    [ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use RebarFreeFormAccessor.GetTerminationPlaneNormalForBarIndex instead.")]
    public XYZ GetHookPlaneNormalForBarIdx(
    	int end,
    	int barPositionIndex
    )
    
    <ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use RebarFreeFormAccessor.GetTerminationPlaneNormalForBarIndex instead.")>
    Public Function GetHookPlaneNormalForBarIdx ( 
    	end As Integer,
    	barPositionIndex As Integer
    ) As XYZ
    
    public:
    [ObsoleteAttribute(L"This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use RebarFreeFormAccessor.GetTerminationPlaneNormalForBarIndex instead.")]
    XYZ^ GetHookPlaneNormalForBarIdx(
    	int end, 
    	int barPositionIndex
    )
    
    [<ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use RebarFreeFormAccessor.GetTerminationPlaneNormalForBarIndex instead.")>]
    member GetHookPlaneNormalForBarIdx : 
            end : int * 
            barPositionIndex : int -> XYZ 
#### Parameters
end Int32
     The end of bar. Should be 0 for start or 1 for end. 
barPositionIndex Int32
     An index between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1). 
#### Return Value
[XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm) The plane's normal in which the termination (e.g. hook, crank) at end of bar with index barPositionIndex will stay. The plane's normal is used for both hook and crank. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  barPositionIndex is not in the range [ 0, NumberOfBarPositions-1 ]. -or- Invalid end.   
#### Reference
[RebarFreeFormAccessor Class](bf146aa3-f780-646e-c3cd-42e7a61d18e6.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)