# UIDocument.ActiveView Property

---  
The currently active view of the currently active document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.UI](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPIUI (in RevitAPIUI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public View ActiveView { get; set; }
    
    Public Property ActiveView As View
    	Get
    	Set
    
    public:
    property View^ ActiveView {
    	View^ get ();
    	void set (View^ value);
    }
    
    member ActiveView : View with get, set
#### Property Value
[View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  When setting the property: If the 'view' argument is NULL.   
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  When setting the property: 
  * If the given view is not a valid view of the document; -or-
  * If the given view is a template view; -or-
  * If the given view is an internal view.

  
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)| When setting the property: 
  * If the document is not currently active; -or-
  * If the document is currently modifiable (i.e. with an active transaction); -or-
  * If the document is currently in read-only state; -or-
  * When invoked during either ViewActivating or ViewActivated event; -or-
  * When invoked during any pre-action kind of event, such as DocumentSaving, DocumentClosing, etc.

  
This property is applicable to the currently active document only. Returns  if this document doesn't represent the active document.
The active view can only be changed when: 
  * There is no open transaction.
  * [IsModifiable](af884262-3ba2-b0a0-d7ef-f0a49c1bf1bc.htm) is false.
  * [IsReadOnly](7e813a1b-9163-2509-f280-82572598432b.htm) is false.
  * ViewActivating, ViewActivated, and any pre-action of events (such as DocumentSaving or DocumentClosingevents) are not being handled.

#### Reference
[UIDocument Class](295b48c8-0571-ad5c-eead-baea84a6787c.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.htm)