# UpdaterRegistry.RegisterUpdater(IUpdater, Document, Boolean) Method

---  
Registers the updater for a specified document, which means the updater can only be triggered by changes made in that document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static void RegisterUpdater(
    	IUpdater updater,
    	Document document,
    	bool isOptional
    )
    
    Public Shared Sub RegisterUpdater ( 
    	updater As IUpdater,
    	document As Document,
    	isOptional As Boolean
    )
    
    public:
    static void RegisterUpdater(
    	IUpdater^ updater, 
    	Document^ document, 
    	bool isOptional
    )
    
    static member RegisterUpdater : 
            updater : IUpdater * 
            document : Document * 
            isOptional : bool -> unit 
#### Parameters
updater [IUpdater](4cdaf502-fc25-8f18-7618-8448cce33d11.htm)
     Updater to be registered. 
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     Document for which this updater is to be registered. 
isOptional Boolean
     This argument controls whether the updater should be required next time a document is open in which the updater had been previously used. If a non-optional updater is not found (i.e. currently not registered), the end user will be presented with a warning and choices to resolve the situation. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Updater with the the same Id has already been registered on the application level. -or- Updater with the the same Id has already been registered either in the given document or on the application level. -or- Updater's Id is not valid.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Method is not allowed during execution of a dynamic update. -or- The updater's owner's AddIn does not match the currently active AddIn, i.e. IUpdater.GetUpdaterId().GetAddInId() differs from the addInId field in the manifest file of the currently executing external application.   
An updater may be registered in more then one document, but an updater may not be registered for a document and also for the entire application at the same time. If an updater has already been registered application-wide, an attempt to register it for a document will cause an exception. 
#### Reference
[UpdaterRegistry Class](4f24f516-5274-1420-f255-458c0af5d318.htm)
[RegisterUpdater Overload](1daf0b61-9091-ac72-97f1-071cf7d09124.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)