# IndependentTag.Create(Document, ElementId, ElementId, Reference, Boolean, TagOrientation, XYZ) Method

---  
Places a tag on an element or subelement. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static IndependentTag Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId symId,
    	ElementId ownerDBViewId,
    	Reference referenceToTag,
    	bool addLeader,
    	TagOrientation tagOrientation,
    	XYZ pnt
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	symId As ElementId,
    	ownerDBViewId As ElementId,
    	referenceToTag As Reference,
    	addLeader As Boolean,
    	tagOrientation As TagOrientation,
    	pnt As XYZ
    ) As IndependentTag
    
    public:
    static IndependentTag^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ symId, 
    	ElementId^ ownerDBViewId, 
    	Reference^ referenceToTag, 
    	bool addLeader, 
    	TagOrientation tagOrientation, 
    	XYZ^ pnt
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            symId : ElementId * 
            ownerDBViewId : ElementId * 
            referenceToTag : Reference * 
            addLeader : bool * 
            tagOrientation : TagOrientation * 
            pnt : XYZ -> IndependentTag 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document to which the tag will be added. 
symId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id for the FamilySymbol which determines the tag's type. 
ownerDBViewId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The view in which the tag will be visible. 
referenceToTag [Reference](d28155ae-817b-1f31-9c3f-c9c6a28acc0d.htm)
     The host reference of the tag. The reference can be to an element or subelement in a local or linked document. 
addLeader Boolean
     When true, the tag will be created with a straight leader with an attached end. 
tagOrientation [TagOrientation](0f1faf70-46a4-71a1-63c0-3425dfc691a0.htm)
     The orientation of the tag's head. 
pnt [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     For tags without leaders, this point is the position of the tag head. For tags with leaders, this point is the end point of the leader, and a leader of default length will be created from this point to the tag head. 
#### Return Value
[IndependentTag](e52073e2-9d98-6fb5-eb43-288cf9ed2e28.htm) If successful the new tag is returned. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The ElementId ownerDBViewId does not correspond to a View. -or- The ElementId ownerDBViewId is a view template. -or- The ElementId ownerDBViewId is a perspective view. -or- The 3D view ownerDBViewId is not locked. -or- The ElementId symId does not correspond to a FamilySymbol. -or- The reference can not be tagged.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
[InternalException](c52bc6d3-6cd9-26f5-4b27-1646c0711a34.htm)|  Tag creation failed.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[IndependentTag Class](e52073e2-9d98-6fb5-eb43-288cf9ed2e28.htm)
[Create Overload](9b5a74a0-f9bd-9892-23e0-9a344f514b02.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)