# DividedSurface.Create Method

---  
Creates a new instance of a divided surface with a default layout. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static DividedSurface Create(
    	Document document,
    	Reference faceReference
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	faceReference As Reference
    ) As DividedSurface
    
    public:
    static DividedSurface^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	Reference^ faceReference
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            faceReference : Reference -> DividedSurface 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
faceReference [Reference](d28155ae-817b-1f31-9c3f-c9c6a28acc0d.htm)
     Reference that represents a face. 
#### Return Value
[DividedSurface](782e1ac7-4e74-9a32-6b03-0a20f7d55217.htm) The newly created divided surface. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The document does not allow creation of a divided surface. -or- Reference is unstable import element -or- Reference does not represent a face -or- Reference already hosts a divided surface   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements).   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[DividedSurface Class](782e1ac7-4e74-9a32-6b03-0a20f7d55217.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)