# Document.NewSpotElevation Method

---  
Generate a new spot elevation object within the project.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public SpotDimension NewSpotElevation(
    	View view,
    	Reference reference,
    	XYZ origin,
    	XYZ bend,
    	XYZ end,
    	XYZ refPt,
    	bool hasLeader
    )
    
    Public Function NewSpotElevation ( 
    	view As View,
    	reference As Reference,
    	origin As XYZ,
    	bend As XYZ,
    	end As XYZ,
    	refPt As XYZ,
    	hasLeader As Boolean
    ) As SpotDimension
    
    public:
    SpotDimension^ NewSpotElevation(
    	View^ view, 
    	Reference^ reference, 
    	XYZ^ origin, 
    	XYZ^ bend, 
    	XYZ^ end, 
    	XYZ^ refPt, 
    	bool hasLeader
    )
    
    member NewSpotElevation : 
            view : View * 
            reference : Reference * 
            origin : XYZ * 
            bend : XYZ * 
            end : XYZ * 
            refPt : XYZ * 
            hasLeader : bool -> SpotDimension 
#### Parameters
view [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
     The view in which the spot elevation is to be visible. 
reference [Reference](d28155ae-817b-1f31-9c3f-c9c6a28acc0d.htm)
     The reference to which the spot elevation is to be bound. 
origin [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The point which the spot elevation evaluate. 
bend [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The bend point for the spot elevation. 
end [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The end point for the spot elevation. 
refPt [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The actual point on the reference which the spot elevation evaluate. 
hasLeader Boolean
     Indicate if it has leader or not. 
#### Return Value
[SpotDimension](f3c633ac-1595-cb8d-5c1b-66eb3eefb433.htm) If successful a new spot dimension object, otherwise . 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)| Thrown if the view does not exist in the given document.  
If the origin point is not on the reference, it'll be projected to the reference automatically. And the refPt is the projected point. If the reference is not valid or the point cannot be projected to reference correctly, an exception will be thrown
#### Reference
[Document Class](ab1718f9-45fb-b3d3-827e-32ff81cf929c.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)