# BooleanOperationsUtils.CutWithHalfSpaceModifyingOriginalSolid Method

---  
Modifies the input Solid preserving only the volume on the positive side of the given Plane. The positive side of the plane is the side to which Plane.Normal points. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static void CutWithHalfSpaceModifyingOriginalSolid(
    	Solid solid,
    	Plane plane
    )
    
    Public Shared Sub CutWithHalfSpaceModifyingOriginalSolid ( 
    	solid As Solid,
    	plane As Plane
    )
    
    public:
    static void CutWithHalfSpaceModifyingOriginalSolid(
    	Solid^ solid, 
    	Plane^ plane
    )
    
    static member CutWithHalfSpaceModifyingOriginalSolid : 
            solid : Solid * 
            plane : Plane -> unit 
#### Parameters
solid [Solid](7a3b5ac1-c66d-9f81-a11d-9bcd4e026295.htm)
     The input Solid to be cut. This object cannot be obtained directly from a Revit element. This means that [IsElementGeometry](be3ad18d-a9d3-25ed-6200-4f71d3cd4754.htm) cannot be true. 
plane [Plane](6a6ee978-f114-558d-3c69-00d289aa855f.htm)
     The cut plane. The space on the positive side of the normal of the plane will be intersected with the input Solid. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when the original solid object is the geometry of the Revit model.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was NULL   
This operation modifies the original input Geometry objects. 
#### Reference
[BooleanOperationsUtils Class](a7be98f3-9e8a-ee51-f46c-2479cb72c598.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)