# EnergyAnalysisSurface.Type Property

---  
The gbXML surface type attribute. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public gbXMLSurfaceType Type { get; }
    
    Public ReadOnly Property Type As gbXMLSurfaceType
    	Get
    
    public:
    property gbXMLSurfaceType Type {
    	gbXMLSurfaceType get ();
    }
    
    member Type : gbXMLSurfaceType with get
#### Property Value
[gbXMLSurfaceType](e98d60e1-4ca1-59ff-09d0-2b3b8ec0e898.htm)
The type of surface is figured out depending on the source element and the number of space adjacencies. 
  * If there is no associate source element and no space adjacencies, it will have a type of Shade. If there are any space adjacencies, it will have a type of Air. 
  * If the source element is a Wall or a Curtain Wall and have one space adjacency, it will have a type of ExteriorWall. 
  * If the source element is a Wall or a Curtain Wall and have two space adjacencies, it will have a type of InteriorWall. 
  * If the source element is a Wall or a Curtain Wall and the type Function parameter is set to "Interior" or "CoreShaft", it will have a type of InteriorWall. 
  * If the source element is a Wall or a Curtain Wall and have one space adjacency and if it is below grade, it will have a type of UndergroundWall. 
  * If the source element is a Floor and have one space adjacency, it will have a type of SlabOnGrade. If the source element is above grade, it will have a type of RaisedFloor. If the source element is below grade, it will have a type of UndergroundSlab. 
  * If the source element is a Floor and have two space adjacencies, it will have a type of InteriorFloor. 
  * If the source element is a Floor and the type Function parameter is set to "Interior", it will have a type of InteriorFloor. 
  * If the source element is a Roof or a Ceiling and have one space adjacency, it will have a type of Roof. 
  * If the source element is a Roof or a Ceiling and have one space adjacency and is below grade, it will have a type of UndergroundCeiling. 
  * If the source element is a Roof or a Ceiling and have two space adjacencies, it will have a type of Ceiling. 

#### Reference
[EnergyAnalysisSurface Class](72ef40eb-20ae-d7ef-0ab5-8c52ddd4b813.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis Namespace](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.htm)