# Arc.Create(XYZ, Double, Double, Double, XYZ, XYZ) Method

---  
Creates a new geometric arc object based on center, radius, unit vectors, and angles. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static Arc Create(
    	XYZ center,
    	double radius,
    	double startAngle,
    	double endAngle,
    	XYZ xAxis,
    	XYZ yAxis
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	center As XYZ,
    	radius As Double,
    	startAngle As Double,
    	endAngle As Double,
    	xAxis As XYZ,
    	yAxis As XYZ
    ) As Arc
    
    public:
    static Arc^ Create(
    	XYZ^ center, 
    	double radius, 
    	double startAngle, 
    	double endAngle, 
    	XYZ^ xAxis, 
    	XYZ^ yAxis
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            center : XYZ * 
            radius : float * 
            startAngle : float * 
            endAngle : float * 
            xAxis : XYZ * 
            yAxis : XYZ -> Arc 
#### Parameters
center [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The center of the arc. 
radius Double
     The radius of the arc. 
startAngle Double
     The start angle of the arc (in radians). 
endAngle Double
     The end angle of the arc (in radians). 
xAxis [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The x axis to define the arc plane. Must be normalized. 
yAxis [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The y axis to define the arc plane. Must be normalized. 
#### Return Value
[Arc](1f5f541e-9335-aef3-0e75-59eed9ae2221.htm) The new arc. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was NULL   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  xAxis is not length 1.0. -or- yAxis is not length 1.0. -or- The given value for radius must be between 0 and 30000 feet.   
[ArgumentsInconsistentException](05972c68-fa6d-3a83-d720-ad84fbc4780f.htm)|  The vectors xAxis and yAxis are not perpendicular. -or- Start angle must be less than end angle. -or- Curve length is too small for Revit's tolerance (as identified by Application.ShortCurveTolerance).   
If the angle range is equal to or greater than 2 * PI, the curve will be automatically converted to an unbounded circle. 
#### Reference
[Arc Class](1f5f541e-9335-aef3-0e75-59eed9ae2221.htm)
[Create Overload](37b85ab9-0840-97e9-31b4-a0699e99f132.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)