# FormattedText.SetSubscriptStatus(TextRange, Boolean) Method

---  
Sets the characters in a given text range to be subscript or not subscript. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetSubscriptStatus(
    	TextRange textRange,
    	bool isSubscript
    )
    
    Public Sub SetSubscriptStatus ( 
    	textRange As TextRange,
    	isSubscript As Boolean
    )
    
    public:
    void SetSubscriptStatus(
    	TextRange^ textRange, 
    	bool isSubscript
    )
    
    member SetSubscriptStatus : 
            textRange : TextRange * 
            isSubscript : bool -> unit 
#### Parameters
textRange [TextRange](8a00baaf-8cb8-d9f0-e0a0-eaa5aa16e55e.htm)
     The given text range. 
isSubscript Boolean
     The desired subscript status of characters in the given text range. True to set subscript, false to set not subscript. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  This text range is empty. -or- This start index of this text range is not within the text range identifying the entire text. -or- The end of this text range is not within the text range identifying the entire text.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
Superscript and subscript are mutually exclusive. Applying the subscript status will automatically remove the superscript status. 
The given text range should not be empty. 
#### Reference
[FormattedText Class](79a92343-2342-8325-1b51-f12c4fb05481.htm)
[SetSubscriptStatus Overload](ed462d45-c86d-4b06-59d0-c49ca8db05c1.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)