# RebarSpliceUtils.SpliceRebar(Document, ElementId, RebarSpliceOptions, Line, ElementId) Method

---  
Splice a Rebar with a line. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static IList<ElementId> SpliceRebar(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId rebarIdToSplit,
    	RebarSpliceOptions spliceOptions,
    	Line line,
    	ElementId viewId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function SpliceRebar ( 
    	document As Document,
    	rebarIdToSplit As ElementId,
    	spliceOptions As RebarSpliceOptions,
    	line As Line,
    	viewId As ElementId
    ) As IList(Of ElementId)
    
    public:
    static IList<ElementId^>^ SpliceRebar(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ rebarIdToSplit, 
    	RebarSpliceOptions^ spliceOptions, 
    	Line^ line, 
    	ElementId^ viewId
    )
    
    static member SpliceRebar : 
            document : Document * 
            rebarIdToSplit : ElementId * 
            spliceOptions : RebarSpliceOptions * 
            line : Line * 
            viewId : ElementId -> IList<ElementId> 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document 
rebarIdToSplit [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Rebar id to split. 
spliceOptions [RebarSpliceOptions](b9843a1f-f4d9-6f30-7150-f2a71c835cb3.htm)
     The rebar splice options. 
line [Line](e7329450-434a-918b-661c-65e15e0585a5.htm)
     The line used for splice. 
viewId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Based on the view it will be determined the plane of the line. 
#### Return Value
IList[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm) Returns the ids of the rebars that are considered to be spliced. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Free Form Rebars, or Shape Driven Rebars that are Multiplanar or have a shape that whose definition is RebarShapeDefinitionByArc can't be spliced. Also, if the Rebar is member of a Group it cannot be spliced. -or- The rebar cannot be spliced with the provided line.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
This method uses the view normal in case of a 2D view and the current workplane normal in case of a 3D view. 
If the view normal is parallel with the bar plane normal the bounded line will be used to calculate the splice geometries where the bar will be split. 
Otherwise, the line will be extended to exceed the bounding box of the bar. 
#### Reference
[RebarSpliceUtils Class](b439ae8f-42b1-7cbc-2aea-16973b34a0b0.htm)
[SpliceRebar Overload](031b72f0-3408-8a36-056d-af233286d615.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)