# ViewType Enumeration

---  
An enumerated type listing available view types.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum ViewType
    
    Public Enumeration ViewType
    
    public enum class ViewType
    
    type ViewType
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
AreaPlan| 116| Area plan type of view.  
CeilingPlan| 2| Reflected ceiling plan type of view.  
ColumnSchedule| 122| Column Schedule type of view.  
CostReport| 119| Cost Report view.  
Detail| 118| Detail type of view.  
DraftingView| 10| Drafting type of view.  
DrawingSheet| 6| Drawing sheet type of view.  
Elevation| 3| Elevation type of view.  
EngineeringPlan| 115| Structural plan or Engineering plan type of view.  
FloorPlan| 1| Floor plan type of view.  
Internal| 214| Revit's internal type of view  
Legend| 11| Legend type of view.  
LoadsReport| 120| Loads Report view.  
PanelSchedule| 123| Panel Schedule Report view.  
PresureLossReport| 121| Pressure Loss Report view.  
ProjectBrowser| 7| The project browser view.  
Rendering| 125| Rendering type of view.  
Report| 8| Report type of view.  
Schedule| 5| Schedule type of view.  
Section| 117| Cross section type of view.  
SystemBrowser| 12| The MEP system browser view.  
SystemsAnalysisReport| 126|  Systems analysis report view.   
ThreeD| 4| 3-D type of view.  
Undefined| 0| Undefined/unspecified type of view.  
Walkthrough| 124| Walk-Through type of 3D view.  
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)