# RevitLinkType.PathType Property

---  
The type of path the link uses. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public PathType PathType { get; set; }
    
    Public Property PathType As PathType
    	Get
    	Set
    
    public:
    property PathType PathType {
    	PathType get ();
    	void set (PathType value);
    }
    
    member PathType : PathType with get, set
#### Property Value
[PathType](dab91714-40d3-bc4a-6c5e-1b5eb504e341.htm)
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  When setting this property: A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The PathType of the Revit link cannot be determined (or set), because it was not loaded from a local disk drive or from Revit Server. -or- When setting this property: The PathType for the link is not valid. PathType.Content is never valid for a Revit link. To change the type to or from PathType.Server, use RevitLinkType.LoadFrom and pick a server or file path.   
You cannot change the PathType to or from PathType.Server. The path type will change automatically if you call RevitLinkType.LoadFrom with a Revit Server path. 
Links from external resource servers are considered to have no path type. Attempts to access this property for an external server link will result in an exception. 
#### Reference
[RevitLinkType Class](2204a5ab-6476-df41-116d-23dbe3cb5407.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)