# RevitLinkType.UpdateFromIFC(Document, String, String, Boolean) Method

---  
Updates a Revit link type from an IFC file and loads the linked document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public bool UpdateFromIFC(
    	Document document,
    	string ifcFilePath,
    	string revitLinkedFilePath,
    	bool recreateLink
    )
    
    Public Function UpdateFromIFC ( 
    	document As Document,
    	ifcFilePath As String,
    	revitLinkedFilePath As String,
    	recreateLink As Boolean
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    bool UpdateFromIFC(
    	Document^ document, 
    	String^ ifcFilePath, 
    	String^ revitLinkedFilePath, 
    	bool recreateLink
    )
    
    member UpdateFromIFC : 
            document : Document * 
            ifcFilePath : string * 
            revitLinkedFilePath : string * 
            recreateLink : bool -> bool 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document that contains Revit link. 
ifcFilePath String
     The path of the IFC link to load. This must be a full path. 
revitLinkedFilePath String
     The path of the Revit file to create to hold the IFC information. This must be a full path. 
recreateLink Boolean
     If true, the Revit file will be updated based on the information in the IFC file. If false, the existing Revit file will be used. 
#### Return Value
Boolean Returns true if the update succeeded, false otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  document is not a project document. -or- The input path "ifcFilePath" does not represent an IFC file. -or- The document is a cloud model.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[FileAccessException](187d56d7-0b37-699f-2abd-6ddebfa93f1e.htm)|  The model cannot be accessed due to lack of access privileges.   
[FileArgumentNotFoundException](ca9ccaa9-ed08-d40d-31a7-1af3ad2dcb84.htm)|  There is not a valid Revit file at ifcFilePath's location   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The file is not allowed to access. -or- Revit cannot customize worksets for this model.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
This function regenerates the input document. While the options argument allows specification of a path type, the input path argument must be a full path. Relative vs. absolute determines how Revit will store the path, but it needs a complete path to find the linked document initially. Note that the IFC file will not be stored directly in the document; it will instead by stored in an intermediate Revit document, whose location is given by revitLinkedFilePath. 
#### Reference
[RevitLinkType Class](2204a5ab-6476-df41-116d-23dbe3cb5407.htm)
[UpdateFromIFC Overload](9983944d-3177-47ad-84f7-605bb5b39e5b.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)