# AssemblyViewUtils.CreatePartList(Document, ElementId, ElementId, Boolean) Method

---  
Creates a new part list multicategory schedule assembly view for the assembly instance. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ViewSchedule CreatePartList(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId assemblyInstanceId,
    	ElementId viewTemplateId,
    	bool isAssigned
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreatePartList ( 
    	document As Document,
    	assemblyInstanceId As ElementId,
    	viewTemplateId As ElementId,
    	isAssigned As Boolean
    ) As ViewSchedule
    
    public:
    static ViewSchedule^ CreatePartList(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ assemblyInstanceId, 
    	ElementId^ viewTemplateId, 
    	bool isAssigned
    )
    
    static member CreatePartList : 
            document : Document * 
            assemblyInstanceId : ElementId * 
            viewTemplateId : ElementId * 
            isAssigned : bool -> ViewSchedule 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document to which the view will be added. 
assemblyInstanceId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Id of the assembly instance that owns the new view. 
viewTemplateId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Id of the view template that is used to create the view; if invalidElementId, the view will be created with the default settings. 
isAssigned Boolean
     If true, the template will be assigned, if false, the template will be applied. 
#### Return Value
[ViewSchedule](0dae24ba-5dcb-9a34-cccc-0cf8cc52bcd3.htm) A new part list multicategory schedule assembly view. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  assemblyInstanceId is not an AssemblyInstance. -or- viewTemplateId is not a correct view template for the schedule view.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
The new part list schedule will be preloaded with fields "Category", "Family and Type" and "Count". The document must be regenerated before using the schedule. 
#### Reference
[AssemblyViewUtils Class](4c839bed-9f56-c255-afba-8152c9171a22.htm)
[CreatePartList Overload](202c74c7-eaba-9ecf-574b-3b7e465ca1b2.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)