# RebarFreeFormAccessor.GetHookOrientationAtIndex Method

---  
**Note: This API is now obsolete.**
Gets the termination's orientation that is applied to this Rebar at the bar with index barPositionIndex at the specified end. The orientation it's the same for both hook and crank. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    [ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use RebarFreeFormAccessor.GetTerminationOrientationAtIndex instead.")]
    public RebarHookOrientation GetHookOrientationAtIndex(
    	int barPositionIndex,
    	int end
    )
    
    <ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use RebarFreeFormAccessor.GetTerminationOrientationAtIndex instead.")>
    Public Function GetHookOrientationAtIndex ( 
    	barPositionIndex As Integer,
    	end As Integer
    ) As RebarHookOrientation
    
    public:
    [ObsoleteAttribute(L"This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use RebarFreeFormAccessor.GetTerminationOrientationAtIndex instead.")]
    RebarHookOrientation GetHookOrientationAtIndex(
    	int barPositionIndex, 
    	int end
    )
    
    [<ObsoleteAttribute("This method is deprecated in Revit 2026 and may be removed in a later version of Revit. Please use RebarFreeFormAccessor.GetTerminationOrientationAtIndex instead.")>]
    member GetHookOrientationAtIndex : 
            barPositionIndex : int * 
            end : int -> RebarHookOrientation 
#### Parameters
barPositionIndex Int32
     An index between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1). 
end Int32
     0 for the start hook, 1 for the end hook. 
#### Return Value
[RebarHookOrientation](e8365754-0811-8d4e-864a-55bf34af3a87.htm) Returns the hook orientation at the specified end. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  end must be 0 or 1. -or- barPositionIndex is not in the range [ 0, NumberOfBarPositions-1 ].   
If this Rebar has Workshop Instructions set to Straight will return the same value for all barPositionIndex between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1). This value will be the same as Rebar.GetHookOrientation(int end).
If this Rebar has Workshop Instructions set to Bent there are different cases: 
  * All bars are matched exactly with a shape. In this case will return the same value for all barPositionIndex between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1). This value will be the same as Rebar.GetHookOrientation(int end).
  * All bars are matched in reversed order with a shape. In this case will return the same value for all barPositionIndex between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1). This value will be the same as Rebar.GetHookOrientation(int end).
  * Some bars are matched in reversed order and the others are matched exactly with a shape. In this case for bars that are matched reversed will return the hook orientation at the opposite end. For the others bars will return the same as Rebar.GetHookOrientation(int end).

#### Reference
[RebarFreeFormAccessor Class](bf146aa3-f780-646e-c3cd-42e7a61d18e6.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)