# RebarShapeDefinitionBySegments.AddConstraintParallelToSegment Method

---  
Constrain the length of a segment by parameterizing its length. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void AddConstraintParallelToSegment(
    	int iSegment,
    	ElementId paramId,
    	bool measureToOutsideOfBend0,
    	bool measureToOutsideOfBend1
    )
    
    Public Sub AddConstraintParallelToSegment ( 
    	iSegment As Integer,
    	paramId As ElementId,
    	measureToOutsideOfBend0 As Boolean,
    	measureToOutsideOfBend1 As Boolean
    )
    
    public:
    void AddConstraintParallelToSegment(
    	int iSegment, 
    	ElementId^ paramId, 
    	bool measureToOutsideOfBend0, 
    	bool measureToOutsideOfBend1
    )
    
    member AddConstraintParallelToSegment : 
            iSegment : int * 
            paramId : ElementId * 
            measureToOutsideOfBend0 : bool * 
            measureToOutsideOfBend1 : bool -> unit 
#### Parameters
iSegment Int32
     Index of the segment (0 to NumberOfSegments - 1). 
paramId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Id of a parameter to drive the constraint. To obtain the id of a shared parameter, call RebarShape.GetElementIdForExternalDefinition(). 
measureToOutsideOfBend0 Boolean
     Choose between two possibilities for the first reference of the length dimension. If false, the reference is at the point where the bend begins; equivalently, at the projection of the bend centerpoint onto the segment. If true, the reference is moved outward by a distance equal to the bend radius plus the bar diameter; if the bend is a right angle or greater, this is equivalent to putting the reference at the outer face of the bend. 
measureToOutsideOfBend1 Boolean
     Choose between two possibilities for the second reference of the length dimension. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  iSegment is not between 0 and NumberOfSegments. -or- paramId is not the id of a shared parameter in the current document, or its unit type is not Reinforcement_Length, Angle or Number.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
#### Reference
[RebarShapeDefinitionBySegments Class](7229fdba-1e8f-6cb7-e72e-0933e495ad62.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)