# PlumbingUtils.ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtTee(Document, Connector, Connector, Connector) Method

---  
Connects three placeholders that looks like Tee connection. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Plumbing](cc553597-37c2-fcd9-6025-d904c129c80a.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtTee(
    	Document document,
    	Connector connector1,
    	Connector connector2,
    	Connector connector3
    )
    
    Public Shared Function ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtTee ( 
    	document As Document,
    	connector1 As Connector,
    	connector2 As Connector,
    	connector3 As Connector
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtTee(
    	Document^ document, 
    	Connector^ connector1, 
    	Connector^ connector2, 
    	Connector^ connector3
    )
    
    static member ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtTee : 
            document : Document * 
            connector1 : Connector * 
            connector2 : Connector * 
            connector3 : Connector -> bool 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
connector1 [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The first end connector of placeholder to be connected to the second. 
connector2 [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The second end connector of placeholder to be connected to the first. 
connector3 [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The third end connector of placeholder to be connected to the first or second. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if connection succeeds, false otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The owner of connector is not pipe placeholder. -or- The owners of connectors belong to different types of system. -or- The curves of connector1 and connector2 are not collinear or either the connecto1 or connector2 is not connector of curve end.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
The three placeholders may or may not have physically connections. However, the first one should be collinear with the second and third one must have intersection with first and second. If first placeholder and second placeholder have the same size, the second one is merged with first one and original placeholder element will be invalid. If connection fails, the placeholders cannot be physically connected. 
#### Reference
[PlumbingUtils Class](958a3fa2-eb4b-2814-f674-42cac98f4910.htm)
[ConnectPipePlaceholdersAtTee Overload](dfbe84ba-db6e-76d9-d7a3-d94a00f66207.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Plumbing Namespace](cc553597-37c2-fcd9-6025-d904c129c80a.htm)