# IPointCloudAccess.CreatePointSetIterator(PointCloudFilter, Double, ElementId) Method

---  
Implement this method to return an iterator for iterating over blocks of this point cloud. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.PointClouds](5974062a-47d4-c7bb-16f2-d5dd193bd170.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    IPointSetIterator CreatePointSetIterator(
    	PointCloudFilter rFilter,
    	double density,
    	ElementId viewId
    )
    
    Function CreatePointSetIterator ( 
    	rFilter As PointCloudFilter,
    	density As Double,
    	viewId As ElementId
    ) As IPointSetIterator
    
    IPointSetIterator^ CreatePointSetIterator(
    	PointCloudFilter^ rFilter, 
    	double density, 
    	ElementId^ viewId
    )
    
    abstract CreatePointSetIterator : 
            rFilter : PointCloudFilter * 
            density : float * 
            viewId : ElementId -> IPointSetIterator 
#### Parameters
rFilter [PointCloudFilter](ca6f916b-2eba-f8e5-8939-1c063330c886.htm)
     The filter used to process cloud points and determine which ones lie with the target volume. 
density Double
     Desired number of points per unit area. Area is computed in native units of the point cloud. Another iterator, created with the same density and a more restrictive filter, should return a subset of the points returned by this iterator. 
viewId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The view id for the current view passed as auxiliary information to allow the engine to optimize retrieval of points. If viewId == InvalidElementId, the query is not for a view display operation. 
#### Return Value
[IPointSetIterator](fc13e8dc-133b-bb47-a784-d42608a7d8e4.htm) The newly created iterator. 
#### Reference
[IPointCloudAccess Interface](d5e8d1d7-9375-ce6b-ff4f-6d4764c92736.htm)
[CreatePointSetIterator Overload](9e53e476-6f82-0947-b4cc-95063c0e95b0.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.PointClouds Namespace](5974062a-47d4-c7bb-16f2-d5dd193bd170.htm)