# ElectricalAnalyticalNode.Create Method

---  
Creates an electrical analytical node. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Electrical](212a1314-7843-2c6c-3322-363127e4059f.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ElectricalAnalyticalNode Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElectricalAnalyticalNodeType type,
    	string name
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	type As ElectricalAnalyticalNodeType,
    	name As String
    ) As ElectricalAnalyticalNode
    
    public:
    static ElectricalAnalyticalNode^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElectricalAnalyticalNodeType type, 
    	String^ name
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            type : ElectricalAnalyticalNodeType * 
            name : string -> ElectricalAnalyticalNode 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document where the new element will be created. 
type [ElectricalAnalyticalNodeType](e8d6a74d-1b0e-5b79-a57b-5dab3e4d2d36.htm)
     The type of electrical analytical node to be created. 
name String
     The name of new electrical analytical node. The actual name may be post-fixed if already exists. 
#### Return Value
[ElectricalAnalyticalNode](562d1f7d-c9df-bee5-4659-4f8607ee4333.htm) The newly created electrical analytical node. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  document is not a project document. -or- name cannot include prohibited characters, such as "{, }, [, ], |, ;, less-than sign, greater-than sign, ?, `, ~". -or- name is an empty string.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements).   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[ElectricalAnalyticalNode Class](562d1f7d-c9df-bee5-4659-4f8607ee4333.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Electrical Namespace](212a1314-7843-2c6c-3322-363127e4059f.htm)