# PathOfTravelCalculationStatus Enumeration

---  
An enumerated type containing possible results of the Path of Travel calculation. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum PathOfTravelCalculationStatus
    
    Public Enumeration PathOfTravelCalculationStatus
    
    public enum class PathOfTravelCalculationStatus
    
    type PathOfTravelCalculationStatus
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
AreaTooLarge| 2|  The view outline is too large. Calculation of the path of travel cannot be performed.   
NoPathOfTravel| 1|  There is no valid path between the two points.   
PointOutsideActiveCrop| 6|  Start or end point is outside the active view crop.   
ResultAffectedByCrop| 4|  The view has an active crop region set. If [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::Analysis::PathOfTravel::GetCurveLoop] contains no points, no path of travel was found inside the crop region, but a valid path may exist outside of it. If [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::Analysis::PathOfTravel::GetCurveLoop] contains valid points, a path of travel was found inside the crop region, but a better option may exist outside of it.   
RevealObstaclesModeFailureDataExist| 8|  Reveal Obstacles mode cannot be set for the view because analysis data exist in the view.   
RevealObstaclesModeFailureWireframe| 9|  Reveal Obstacles mode cannot be set for the view because wireframe display style is set for the view.   
SplitView| 3|  The view is split. Calculation of the path of travel cannot be performed.   
StartAndEndPointsTooClose| 5|  Distance between adjacent points of path of travel (start, end and way points) is less than the value of [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::Analysis::RouteAnalysisSettings::MinimumLength].   
Success| 0|  A valid path of travel between the two points was found. Use [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::Analysis::PathOfTravel::GetCurveLoop] to retrieve the calculated points of path of travel.   
TemporaryModeFailureDataExist| 10|  Temporary mode cannot be set for the view because analysis data exist in the view.   
TemporaryModeFailureWireframe| 11|  Temporary mode cannot be set for the view because wireframe display style is set for the view.   
TooMuchGeometry| 7|  The view is exporting too much geometry. Calculation of the path of travel cannot be performed.   
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis Namespace](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.htm)