# MechanicalUtils.ConnectDuctPlaceholdersAtCross(Document, Connector, Connector, Connector, Connector) Method

---  
Connects a group of placeholders that can intersect in a Cross connection. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Mechanical](0eafd899-5912-56fd-94b1-d286156e26fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool ConnectDuctPlaceholdersAtCross(
    	Document document,
    	Connector connector1,
    	Connector connector2,
    	Connector connector3,
    	Connector connector4
    )
    
    Public Shared Function ConnectDuctPlaceholdersAtCross ( 
    	document As Document,
    	connector1 As Connector,
    	connector2 As Connector,
    	connector3 As Connector,
    	connector4 As Connector
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool ConnectDuctPlaceholdersAtCross(
    	Document^ document, 
    	Connector^ connector1, 
    	Connector^ connector2, 
    	Connector^ connector3, 
    	Connector^ connector4
    )
    
    static member ConnectDuctPlaceholdersAtCross : 
            document : Document * 
            connector1 : Connector * 
            connector2 : Connector * 
            connector3 : Connector * 
            connector4 : Connector -> bool 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
connector1 [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The end connector of the first placeholder. 
connector2 [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The end connector of the second placeholder. 
connector3 [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The end connector of the third placeholder. 
connector4 [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The end connector of the fourth placeholder. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if connection succeeds, false otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The owner of connector is not duct placeholder. -or- The owners of connectors belong to different types of system. -or- The curves of connector1 and connector2 are not collinear or either the connecto1 or connector2 is not connector of curve end. -or- The curves of connector3 and connector4 are not collinear or either the connecto1 or connector2 is not connector of curve end.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
The placeholders may or may not have physical connection. However: 
  * The ends of four connectors should intersect at same point.
  * The first and second placeholders should be collinear each other.
  * The third and fourth placeholders should be collinear each other.
  * The third and fourth should have intersection with first or second placeholder.

If connection fails, the placeholders cannot be physically connected. 
#### Reference
[MechanicalUtils Class](f7cbd23a-1b69-d9bf-88b4-df10a8c4be0b.htm)
[ConnectDuctPlaceholdersAtCross Overload](92a83e26-7a54-9d57-7baf-f17e7adfd461.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Mechanical Namespace](0eafd899-5912-56fd-94b1-d286156e26fc.htm)