# UIApplication.DialogBoxShowing Event

---  
Subscribe to the DialogBoxShowing event to be notified when Revit is just about to show a dialog box or a message box. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.UI](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPIUI (in RevitAPIUI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public event EventHandler<DialogBoxShowingEventArgs> DialogBoxShowing
    
    Public Event DialogBoxShowing As EventHandler(Of DialogBoxShowingEventArgs)
    
    public:
     event EventHandler<DialogBoxShowingEventArgs^>^ DialogBoxShowing {
    	void add (EventHandler<DialogBoxShowingEventArgs^>^ value);
    	void remove (EventHandler<DialogBoxShowingEventArgs^>^ value);
    }
    
    member DialogBoxShowing : IEvent<EventHandler<DialogBoxShowingEventArgs>,
        DialogBoxShowingEventArgs>
#### Value
EventHandler[DialogBoxShowingEventArgs](8b6b969f-45d2-5b90-ca6d-593348ddf8d4.htm)
This event is raised when Revit is just about to show a dialog box or a message box.
Event is not cancellable. The 'Cancellable' property of event's argument is always False.
Depending on the type of the dialog that is being shown, the event's argument's type varies as follows: When it is a dialog box, the event's argument is an object of [DialogBoxShowingEventArgs](8b6b969f-45d2-5b90-ca6d-593348ddf8d4.htm). When it is a message box, the event's argument is an object of [MessageBoxShowingEventArgs](aa1b432c-e9b9-b528-aa3b-60514aaea2a3.htm),which is subclass of DialogBoxShowingEventArgs. When it is a task dialog, the event's argument is an object of [TaskDialogShowingEventArgs](96cc0900-708b-5a2c-8d07-b2596ec20700.htm),which is subclass of DialogBoxShowingEventArgs.
No document may be modified during this event.
The following API functions are not available for the current document during this event: 
  * [Close](da2f27b9-7255-4950-82a2-86e1432ff9f0.htm) and similar overloads.
  * [Save](8dec13b6-71f4-45d2-74e3-b109153721b5.htm) and similar overloads.
  * [SaveAs(String)](25c44d4a-b220-5898-b28c-a2cf6a8a8673.htm) and similar overloads.

Exception [InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm) will be thrown if any of the above methods is called during this event.
#### Reference
[UIApplication Class](51ca80e2-3e5f-7dd2-9d95-f210950c72ae.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.htm)