# SingleServerService.SetActiveServer(Guid, Document) Method

---  
Change the active server for a specific document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService](a88f2d1d-c02f-a901-9543-44e4b5dd5fc9.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetActiveServer(
    	Guid serverId,
    	Document document
    )
    
    Public Sub SetActiveServer ( 
    	serverId As Guid,
    	document As Document
    )
    
    public:
    void SetActiveServer(
    	Guid serverId, 
    	Document^ document
    )
    
    member SetActiveServer : 
            serverId : Guid * 
            document : Document -> unit 
#### Parameters
serverId Guid
     Id of the server. 
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document for which the server is being set as active. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The given Id is not of a server registered with the service.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The operation is not allowed because the service is being executed. -or- For a service that doesn't support activation, the servers can't be activated/deactivated.   
Only one server per document can be set as active at any given time in a single-server service. A document does not have to have an explicitly set active server though - the application-wide active server would be normally used when the service is executed for such a document. 
Having an active server for a document overrules the active server set for the application. That means if the service gets executed in this particular document, the document-specific server will be used instead of the application-wide one. 
For a service which has cref="Autodesk::Revit::DB::ExternalService::SupportActivation" set to true it is possible to set a server as active when another server is already active for that service in this document. Making a server active will automatically deactivate the server that was active before this call. 
For a service which has cref="Autodesk::Revit::DB::ExternalService::SupportActivation" set to false calling this method will throw exception. For this kind of service only one server can be added, and it will be marked by default as an application-wide active server. 
#### Reference
[SingleServerService Class](8491691e-2a26-684e-f43c-e8e0095fd129.htm)
[SetActiveServer Overload](81afb322-3236-ab36-6088-9d3dfde28fb1.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService Namespace](a88f2d1d-c02f-a901-9543-44e4b5dd5fc9.htm)