# Dimension.FamilyLabel Property

---  
The family parameter label of the dimension.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public FamilyParameter FamilyLabel { get; set; }
    
    Public Property FamilyLabel As FamilyParameter
    	Get
    	Set
    
    public:
    property FamilyParameter^ FamilyLabel {
    	FamilyParameter^ get ();
    	void set (FamilyParameter^ value);
    }
    
    member FamilyLabel : FamilyParameter with get, set
#### Property Value
[FamilyParameter](6175e974-870e-7fbc-3df7-46105f937a6e.htm)
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when the family parameter's ParameterType is not suitable for this dimension.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when dimension can not be labeled.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when failed to get the BuiltInParameter DIM_LABEL.   
A dimension only can be labeled to a family parameter in a family document. When the dimension is labeled by a reporting parameter, the dimension value drives the parameter value. When the parameter is labeled by a non-reporting, the value of the parameter drives the dimension. If the dimension is multi-segmented, each segment of the dimension is driven by the same parameter value. Multi-segmented dimensions cannot be labeled by reporting parameters. To unbind the family parameter, set this property to .
#### Reference
[Dimension Class](210f88be-e3c5-26a4-7dd8-3296f6725cce.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)