# Pipe.Create(Document, ElementId, ElementId, Connector, XYZ) Method

---  
Creates a new pipe that connects to the connector. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Plumbing](cc553597-37c2-fcd9-6025-d904c129c80a.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static Pipe Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId pipeTypeId,
    	ElementId levelId,
    	Connector startConnector,
    	XYZ endPoint
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	pipeTypeId As ElementId,
    	levelId As ElementId,
    	startConnector As Connector,
    	endPoint As XYZ
    ) As Pipe
    
    public:
    static Pipe^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ pipeTypeId, 
    	ElementId^ levelId, 
    	Connector^ startConnector, 
    	XYZ^ endPoint
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            pipeTypeId : ElementId * 
            levelId : ElementId * 
            startConnector : Connector * 
            endPoint : XYZ -> Pipe 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
pipeTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The ElementId of the new pipe type. 
levelId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The level id for the new pipe. 
startConnector [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The first connector where the new pipe starts. 
endPoint [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The second point of the new pipe. 
#### Return Value
[Pipe](aa1b8294-c12d-ece0-00af-b17c1f1c9e03.htm) The pipe. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The pipe type pipeTypeId is not valid pipe type. -or- The ElementId levelId is not a Level. -or- The connector domain is not Domain.Piping. -or- The points of startConnector and endPoint are too close: for MEPCurve, the minimum length is 1/10 inch.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when the new pipe fails to connect with the connector.   
The new pipe will have the same diameter and system type as the specified connector. The creation will also connect the new pipe to the component who owns the specified connector. If necessary, additional fitting(s) are included to make a valid connection. If the new pipe can not be connected to the next component (e.g., mismatched direction, no valid fitting, and etc), the new pipe will still be created at the specified connector position, and an InvalidOperationException is thrown. 
#### Reference
[Pipe Class](aa1b8294-c12d-ece0-00af-b17c1f1c9e03.htm)
[Create Overload](04817280-4044-112c-d229-59e8a50b1c95.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Plumbing Namespace](cc553597-37c2-fcd9-6025-d904c129c80a.htm)