# Document.NewPipingSystem Method

---  
Creates a new MEP piping system element.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public PipingSystem NewPipingSystem(
    	Connector baseEquipmentConnector,
    	ConnectorSet connectors,
    	PipeSystemType pipingSystemType
    )
    
    Public Function NewPipingSystem ( 
    	baseEquipmentConnector As Connector,
    	connectors As ConnectorSet,
    	pipingSystemType As PipeSystemType
    ) As PipingSystem
    
    public:
    PipingSystem^ NewPipingSystem(
    	Connector^ baseEquipmentConnector, 
    	ConnectorSet^ connectors, 
    	PipeSystemType pipingSystemType
    )
    
    member NewPipingSystem : 
            baseEquipmentConnector : Connector * 
            connectors : ConnectorSet * 
            pipingSystemType : PipeSystemType -> PipingSystem 
#### Parameters
baseEquipmentConnector [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     One connector within base equipment which is used to connect with the system. The base equipment is optional for the system, so this argument may be . The baseEquipmentConnector should not be included in the connectors. 
connectors [ConnectorSet](a9821fc1-54cf-5f69-13a9-25d506ecb048.htm)
     Connectors that will connect to the system. The owner elements of these connectors will be added into system as its elements. 
pipingSystemType [PipeSystemType](24165d09-9267-54b7-3e32-6405d1343c2e.htm)
    The System type.
#### Return Value
[PipingSystem](6abbdfa2-69a5-eef1-2663-89a5faf91831.htm) If creation was successful then an instance of piping system is returned, otherwise an exception with information will be thrown. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when calling this function outside of the Autodesk Revit MEP product.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown when the connectors parameter value is .   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  Thrown when the pipingSystemType parameter value is out of permitted scope.   
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when some connectors can't be used to create the mechanical system. All the input connectors and base equipment connector should match system type and domain with the system, and they should not have been used in another system.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when the piping system creation failed.   
This method will regenerate the document even in manual regeneration mode. 
#### Reference
[Document Class](ab1718f9-45fb-b3d3-827e-32ff81cf929c.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)