# Dimension.LeaderEndPosition Property

---  
The position of the dimension's leader end point. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public XYZ LeaderEndPosition { get; set; }
    
    Public Property LeaderEndPosition As XYZ
    	Get
    	Set
    
    public:
    property XYZ^ LeaderEndPosition {
    	XYZ^ get ();
    	void set (XYZ^ value);
    }
    
    member LeaderEndPosition : XYZ with get, set
#### Property Value
[XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  When setting this property: A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Dimension must have leader. -or- Thrown when: 
  * SpotDimension style type is SpotSlope.
  * Using equality formula.
  * Dimension style is ordinate.

-or- Thrown when: 
  * SpotDimension has more than one segments.

-or-   
This property is not applicable to all dimensions. For example, it is not available for spot slope dimensions, multi-segments dimensions, dimensions using equality formula, and when dimension style is ordinate.
If the position is not applicable, this property throws InvalidOperationException.
Notes for SpotDimension: 
  * This property throws InvalidOperationException if dimension has no leader.
  * Setting of this property works differently for leader with and without shoulder.
  * If leader has shoulder, setting is limited by points on line between leader end and shoulder points (projected point is used).
  * Setting of this property also affects TextPosition.

#### Reference
[Dimension Class](210f88be-e3c5-26a4-7dd8-3296f6725cce.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)