# Document.Export(String, String, ViewSet, DWFXExportOptions) Method

---  
Exports the current view or a selection of views in DWFX format.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public bool Export(
    	string folder,
    	string name,
    	ViewSet views,
    	DWFXExportOptions options
    )
    
    Public Function Export ( 
    	folder As String,
    	name As String,
    	views As ViewSet,
    	options As DWFXExportOptions
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    bool Export(
    	String^ folder, 
    	String^ name, 
    	ViewSet^ views, 
    	DWFXExportOptions^ options
    )
    
    member Export : 
            folder : string * 
            name : string * 
            views : ViewSet * 
            options : DWFXExportOptions -> bool 
#### Parameters
folder String
    Output folder, into which file(s) will be exported. The folder must exist.
name String
    Either the name of a single file or a prefix for a set of files. If  or empty, automatic naming will be used.
views [ViewSet](47b47de2-4234-01e0-af21-64334e2a4a4b.htm)
    Selection of views to be exported.
options [DWFXExportOptions](0bad76eb-315c-02eb-5207-b1ddc41a5268.htm)
    Various options applicable to the DWFX format. If , all options will be set to their respective default values.
#### Return Value
BooleanFunction returns true only if all specified views are exported successfully. The function returns False if exporting of any view fails, even if some views might have been exported successfully.
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown when the input views is   
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when the input views is an empty ViewSet.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when the current document is not modifiable.   
All the views must be printable in order for the Export to succeed. It can be assured by checking the CanBePrinted property of each view.
#### Reference
[Document Class](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
[Export Overload](2f535342-ee41-86f9-0022-92ba1f65112d.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)