# ElementTransformUtils.CopyElement Method

---  
Copies an element and places the copy at a location indicated by a given transformation. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ICollection<ElementId> CopyElement(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId elementToCopy,
    	XYZ translation
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CopyElement ( 
    	document As Document,
    	elementToCopy As ElementId,
    	translation As XYZ
    ) As ICollection(Of ElementId)
    
    public:
    static ICollection<ElementId^>^ CopyElement(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ elementToCopy, 
    	XYZ^ translation
    )
    
    static member CopyElement : 
            document : Document * 
            elementToCopy : ElementId * 
            translation : XYZ -> ICollection<ElementId> 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document that owns the element. 
elementToCopy [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the element to copy. 
translation [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The translation vector for the new element. 
#### Return Value
ICollection[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm) The ids of the newly created copied elements. More than one element may be created due to dependencies. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The element elementToCopy does not exist in the document -or- The input element is a Sketch member and there is no Sketch in the edit mode to place this element in.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  It is not allowed to copy Sketch member to non-parallel sketch. -or- If we are not able to copy the element.   
#### Reference
[ElementTransformUtils Class](82e737d5-fda4-bc10-6099-88999cd51300.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)