# Document.NewExtrusionRoof Method

---  
Creates a new Extrusion Roof.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public ExtrusionRoof NewExtrusionRoof(
    	CurveArray profile,
    	ReferencePlane refPlane,
    	Level level,
    	RoofType roofType,
    	double extrusionStart,
    	double extrusionEnd
    )
    
    Public Function NewExtrusionRoof ( 
    	profile As CurveArray,
    	refPlane As ReferencePlane,
    	level As Level,
    	roofType As RoofType,
    	extrusionStart As Double,
    	extrusionEnd As Double
    ) As ExtrusionRoof
    
    public:
    ExtrusionRoof^ NewExtrusionRoof(
    	CurveArray^ profile, 
    	ReferencePlane^ refPlane, 
    	Level^ level, 
    	RoofType^ roofType, 
    	double extrusionStart, 
    	double extrusionEnd
    )
    
    member NewExtrusionRoof : 
            profile : CurveArray * 
            refPlane : ReferencePlane * 
            level : Level * 
            roofType : RoofType * 
            extrusionStart : float * 
            extrusionEnd : float -> ExtrusionRoof 
#### Parameters
profile [CurveArray](55103aad-38fd-45d2-6bf7-67a5203e99f3.htm)
    The profile of the extrusion roof. The curves of the profile must be contiguous and form one open loop without self-intersections. The profile curves must lie in the %refPlane% parallel to z-axis.
refPlane [ReferencePlane](e7003ec7-1dbe-50a2-fb3d-a83a5a3b5b9f.htm)
    The work plane for the extrusion roof. It must be parallel to z-axis.
level [Level](577e5d4e-a558-118c-9dea-3b810b061775.htm)
    The level of the extrusion roof.
roofType [RoofType](00b5948e-1cb6-4f3b-acc1-9f000e8cc40d.htm)
    Type of the extrusion roof.
extrusionStart Double
    Start the extrusion. Measured from %refPlane% in the direction of the plane normal.
extrusionEnd Double
    End the extrusion. Measured from %refPlane% in the direction of the plane normal.
#### Return Value
[ExtrusionRoof](c724b0cd-6135-e50c-0a14-932e7e55b860.htm)
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)| Thrown if the work plane does not exist in the given document.  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)| Thrown if the level does not exist in the given document.  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)| Thrown if the roof type does not exist in the given document.  
This method will regenerate the document even in manual regeneration mode. 
#### Reference
[Document Class](ab1718f9-45fb-b3d3-827e-32ff81cf929c.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)