# AssemblyViewUtils.Create3DOrthographic(Document, ElementId) Method

---  
Creates a new orthographic 3D assembly view for the assembly instance. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static View3D Create3DOrthographic(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId assemblyInstanceId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create3DOrthographic ( 
    	document As Document,
    	assemblyInstanceId As ElementId
    ) As View3D
    
    public:
    static View3D^ Create3DOrthographic(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ assemblyInstanceId
    )
    
    static member Create3DOrthographic : 
            document : Document * 
            assemblyInstanceId : ElementId -> View3D 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document to which the view will be added. 
assemblyInstanceId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Id of the assembly instance that owns the new view. 
#### Return Value
[View3D](d795a238-fc24-1875-e64f-a2bef56ae949.htm) A new orthographic 3D assembly view. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  assemblyInstanceId is not an AssemblyInstance.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
The view will have the same orientation as the Default 3D view. The document must be regenerated before using the 3D view. 
#### Reference
[AssemblyViewUtils Class](4c839bed-9f56-c255-afba-8152c9171a22.htm)
[Create3DOrthographic Overload](d749ec99-f1dd-8979-0869-89c02c394cec.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)