# PathOfTravel.SetRevealObstaclesMode Method

---  
Sets Reveal Obstacles mode for the given view. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static PathOfTravelCalculationStatus SetRevealObstaclesMode(
    	View DBView,
    	bool newState
    )
    
    Public Shared Function SetRevealObstaclesMode ( 
    	DBView As View,
    	newState As Boolean
    ) As PathOfTravelCalculationStatus
    
    public:
    static PathOfTravelCalculationStatus SetRevealObstaclesMode(
    	View^ DBView, 
    	bool newState
    )
    
    static member SetRevealObstaclesMode : 
            DBView : View * 
            newState : bool -> PathOfTravelCalculationStatus 
#### Parameters
DBView [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
     The view to set Reveal Obstacles mode for. 
newState Boolean
     New state of Reveal Obstacles mode to be set for the view. 
#### Return Value
[PathOfTravelCalculationStatus](c87dc425-1e13-40b9-df6d-08fde112210b.htm) Result status of the operation. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The element "DBView" is in a family document or a document in in-place edit mode. -or- View is not a floor plan view.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The document containing DBView is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The Path of Travel calculation service is not available   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document containing DBView is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document containing DBView is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document containing DBView has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[PathOfTravel Class](99c2bb04-151f-c325-84b2-40dee81447d6.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis Namespace](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.htm)