# PointCloudInstance.Create Method

---  
Creates a new instance of a point cloud based on an input point cloud type and transformation. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static PointCloudInstance Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId typeId,
    	Transform transform
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	typeId As ElementId,
    	transform As Transform
    ) As PointCloudInstance
    
    public:
    static PointCloudInstance^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ typeId, 
    	Transform^ transform
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            typeId : ElementId * 
            transform : Transform -> PointCloudInstance 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document in which the new instance is created 
typeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The element id of the PointCloudType. 
transform [Transform](58dd01c8-b3fc-7142-e4f3-c524079a282d.htm)
     The transform that defines the placement of the instance in the Revit document coordinate system. 
#### Return Value
[PointCloudInstance](d17686cb-b8c5-bee5-44d3-0311d27678e0.htm) The newly created point cloud instance. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The ElementId typeId is not a valid PointCloudType. -or- document is not a project document.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[PointCloudInstance Class](d17686cb-b8c5-bee5-44d3-0311d27678e0.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)