# GlobalParameter.Create Method

---  
Creates a new Global Parameter in the given document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static GlobalParameter Create(
    	Document document,
    	string name,
    	ForgeTypeId specTypeId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	name As String,
    	specTypeId As ForgeTypeId
    ) As GlobalParameter
    
    public:
    static GlobalParameter^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	String^ name, 
    	ForgeTypeId^ specTypeId
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            name : string * 
            specTypeId : ForgeTypeId -> GlobalParameter 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     Document in which the new parameter is to be created 
name String
     The name of the new parameter. It must be unique in the document 
specTypeId [ForgeTypeId](d9fcf276-9566-de83-2b0b-d89b65ccc8af.htm)
     Identifier of the spec describing the parameter's data type. 
#### Return Value
[GlobalParameter](b0e53a4a-84ad-abb4-358d-9797870f101b.htm) An instance of the new global parameter 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Global parameters are not supported in the given document. A possible cause is that it is not a project document, for global parameters are not supported in Revit families. -or- name is an empty string. -or- name cannot include prohibited characters, such as "{, }, [, ], |, ;, less-than sign, greater-than sign, ?, `, ~". -or- A global parameter with the given name already exists in the document. -or- specTypeId is not a spec identifier.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
Global parameters may be created only in Project documents, not in families. 
Each global parameter must have a valid name that is unique within the document. To test whether a name is unique, use the [IsUniqueName(Document, String)](30f6c20b-2ddd-b584-8770-d7968bf70c29.htm) method.
While global parameters can be created with almost any type of data, there is a few types that are not currently supported, such as the ElementId type. Programmers can test whether a particular data type is appropriate for a global parameter by using the [!:SpecUtils.IsSpec(ForgeTypeId)] method.
Parameters are created as non-reporting initially, but programmers are free to modify the [IsReporting](41d62d48-8d78-d056-b0ca-9ea4777dc827.htm) property once a global parameter is created and happens to be of a type eligible for reporting.
#### Reference
[GlobalParameter Class](b0e53a4a-84ad-abb4-358d-9797870f101b.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)