# StairsRun.TopElevation Property

---  
The top elevation of the stairs run. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Architecture](720f0c58-cb2b-4f13-374a-7348ed0a1cd3.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public double TopElevation { get; set; }
    
    Public Property TopElevation As Double
    	Get
    	Set
    
    public:
    property double TopElevation {
    	double get ();
    	void set (double value);
    }
    
    member TopElevation : float with get, set
#### Property Value
Double
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  When setting this property: The given value for topElevation must be no more than 30000 feet in absolute value. -or- When setting this property: The topElevation doesn't meet the minimal height restriction of the stairs run. -or- When setting this property: The topElevation is less than the extension below base of the stairs run.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  When setting this property: The stairs run is sketched so the data being set is not applicable.   
The top elevation has following restrictions: 
  * The top elevation is relative to the base elevation of the stairs to which the stairs run belongs.
  * When setting this property the value will be rounded automatically to a multiple of the riser height.
  * When setting this property for common run, the run's height will change according to the new base/top elevation. So the value must be greater than base elevation to keep run valid.
  * When setting this property for sketched run, whose height is fixed, the run's base elevation will be adjusted to keep the same run height.

#### Reference
[StairsRun Class](ea0e49a0-a007-79d0-c902-a24b1359ae28.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Architecture Namespace](720f0c58-cb2b-4f13-374a-7348ed0a1cd3.htm)