# Document.NewFlexPipe(Connector, Connector, FlexPipeType) Method

---  
Adds a new flexible pipe into the document, using two connector, and flexible pipe type.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public FlexPipe NewFlexPipe(
    	Connector connector1,
    	Connector connector2,
    	FlexPipeType pipeType
    )
    
    Public Function NewFlexPipe ( 
    	connector1 As Connector,
    	connector2 As Connector,
    	pipeType As FlexPipeType
    ) As FlexPipe
    
    public:
    FlexPipe^ NewFlexPipe(
    	Connector^ connector1, 
    	Connector^ connector2, 
    	FlexPipeType^ pipeType
    )
    
    member NewFlexPipe : 
            connector1 : Connector * 
            connector2 : Connector * 
            pipeType : FlexPipeType -> FlexPipe 
#### Parameters
connector1 [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The first connector to be connected to the pipe. 
connector2 [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The second connector to be connected to the pipe. 
pipeType [FlexPipeType](89da057e-f826-1f1e-dd71-9df4ce7f38cf.htm)
     The type of the flexible pipe. 
#### Return Value
[FlexPipe](4b0e0656-4760-4a91-a777-ce50869a827a.htm) If creation was successful then a new flexible pipe is returned, otherwise an exception with failure information will be thrown.
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument connector1 or connector2 is .   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when the flexible pipe cannot be created or regenerate fails.   
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)| Thrown if the flexible pipe type does not exist in the given document.  
If the connectors are fitting or equipment connectors of the correct domain, and if the connectors' direction match the direction of the flexible pipe to be created, the connectors will be automatically connected. A transition fitting will be added at the connector(s) if necessary. If the connector's type, domain, does not match the one of the input connectors, no connection will be established.
#### Reference
[Document Class](ab1718f9-45fb-b3d3-827e-32ff81cf929c.htm)
[NewFlexPipe Overload](f60f5fa9-8394-3b80-99e1-90fcb98fb154.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)