# FieldBuilder.SetDocumentation Method

---  
Sets the documentation string for the Field. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExtensibleStorage](79486a74-376c-9555-c873-45d5a750f051.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public FieldBuilder SetDocumentation(
    	string documentation
    )
    
    Public Function SetDocumentation ( 
    	documentation As String
    ) As FieldBuilder
    
    public:
    FieldBuilder^ SetDocumentation(
    	String^ documentation
    )
    
    member SetDocumentation : 
            documentation : string -> FieldBuilder 
#### Parameters
documentation String
     The documentation string. 
#### Return Value
[FieldBuilder](13cd8e7c-acc8-af6e-0ae6-a9b77fcd913c.htm) The FieldBuilder object may be used to add more details to the field. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The SchemaBuilder has already finished building the Schema.   
While Entities may be hidden using access levels, Schemas and Fields are visible to clients and other developers. In the interest of clarity and interoperability, you are very strongly encouraged to provide good documentation with your Schemas. Explain the intent of the data and how it is meant to be interpreted. It is not useful to repeat information that can be observed directly (e.g. types and units). Note that documentation, like all other contents of Schemas and Fields is immutable once the add-in using the Schema is published. 
#### Reference
[FieldBuilder Class](13cd8e7c-acc8-af6e-0ae6-a9b77fcd913c.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExtensibleStorage Namespace](79486a74-376c-9555-c873-45d5a750f051.htm)