# FabricationPart.PlaceAsTap Method

---  
Places the part by its connector to a specific position on the straight part at the specified distance from the host part connector. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static void PlaceAsTap(
    	Document document,
    	Connector tapPartConnector,
    	Connector hostPartConnector,
    	double distance,
    	double axisRotation,
    	double secondaryAxisRotation
    )
    
    Public Shared Sub PlaceAsTap ( 
    	document As Document,
    	tapPartConnector As Connector,
    	hostPartConnector As Connector,
    	distance As Double,
    	axisRotation As Double,
    	secondaryAxisRotation As Double
    )
    
    public:
    static void PlaceAsTap(
    	Document^ document, 
    	Connector^ tapPartConnector, 
    	Connector^ hostPartConnector, 
    	double distance, 
    	double axisRotation, 
    	double secondaryAxisRotation
    )
    
    static member PlaceAsTap : 
            document : Document * 
            tapPartConnector : Connector * 
            hostPartConnector : Connector * 
            distance : float * 
            axisRotation : float * 
            secondaryAxisRotation : float -> unit 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
tapPartConnector [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The connector of the part to place. 
hostPartConnector [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The connector of host part. 
distance Double
     The distance to host part connector where to place the part. 
axisRotation Double
     The axis rotation in radians. 
secondaryAxisRotation Double
     The secondary axis rotation in radians. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  It is not a valid part to place as tap. -or- Tap should be placed on straight part. -or- The distance is out of range. -or- For rectangular and oval parts the axis rotation must be a multiple of PI/2. -or- Invalid tap for host's profile type. -or- The fabrication part is connected.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  tap is not connected by its primary connector.   
[!:Autodesk::Revit::Exceptions::InvalidOpertationException]|  tap does not fit on the host.   
Tap cannot be placed if it is already connected. 
#### Reference
[FabricationPart Class](c9b86162-c105-696a-a919-49a7a7938cc4.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)