# Application.NewPointOnPlane Method

---  
Construct a PointOnPlane object which is used to define the placement of a ReferencePoint from its property values.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public PointOnPlane NewPointOnPlane(
    	Reference planeReference,
    	UV position,
    	UV xvec,
    	double offset
    )
    
    Public Function NewPointOnPlane ( 
    	planeReference As Reference,
    	position As UV,
    	xvec As UV,
    	offset As Double
    ) As PointOnPlane
    
    public:
    PointOnPlane^ NewPointOnPlane(
    	Reference^ planeReference, 
    	UV^ position, 
    	UV^ xvec, 
    	double offset
    )
    
    member NewPointOnPlane : 
            planeReference : Reference * 
            position : UV * 
            xvec : UV * 
            offset : float -> PointOnPlane 
#### Parameters
planeReference [Reference](d28155ae-817b-1f31-9c3f-c9c6a28acc0d.htm)
    A reference to some plane in the document. (Note: the reference must satisfy IsValidPlaneReference(), but this is not checked until this PointOnPlane object is assigned to a ReferencePoint.)
position [UV](1724be37-059b-91ff-aa74-d1508082f76d.htm)
    Coordinates of the point's projection onto the plane; see the Position property.
xvec [UV](1724be37-059b-91ff-aa74-d1508082f76d.htm)
    The direction of the point's X-coordinate vector in the plane's coordinates; see the XVec property. Optional; default value is (1, 0).
offset Double
    Signed offset from the plane; see the Offset property.
#### Return Value
[PointOnPlane](ca9299cc-2931-1a63-cacb-a41f20baf7f1.htm)A new PointOnPlane object with 2-dimensional Position, XVec, and Offset properties set to match the given 3-dimensional arguments.
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument planeReference or position or xvec is  or offset is not a valid double value.   
#### Reference
[Application Class](5e11e5bf-82da-ae9b-1c52-95d0e9f28c96.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)