# SolidUtils.TessellateSolidOrShell Method

---  
This function facets (i.e., triangulates) a solid or an open shell. Each boundary component of the solid or shell is represented by a single triangulated structure. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static TriangulatedSolidOrShell TessellateSolidOrShell(
    	Solid solidOrShell,
    	SolidOrShellTessellationControls tessellationControls
    )
    
    Public Shared Function TessellateSolidOrShell ( 
    	solidOrShell As Solid,
    	tessellationControls As SolidOrShellTessellationControls
    ) As TriangulatedSolidOrShell
    
    public:
    static TriangulatedSolidOrShell^ TessellateSolidOrShell(
    	Solid^ solidOrShell, 
    	SolidOrShellTessellationControls^ tessellationControls
    )
    
    static member TessellateSolidOrShell : 
            solidOrShell : Solid * 
            tessellationControls : SolidOrShellTessellationControls -> TriangulatedSolidOrShell 
#### Parameters
solidOrShell [Solid](7a3b5ac1-c66d-9f81-a11d-9bcd4e026295.htm)
     The solid or shell to be faceted. 
tessellationControls [SolidOrShellTessellationControls](ab0dd37a-7ed8-4874-2861-0f9a41da0235.htm)
     This input controls various aspects of the triangulation. 
#### Return Value
[TriangulatedSolidOrShell](5c6d36f6-8c0d-1570-07aa-3cabb05b268a.htm) The triangulated structures corresponding to the boundary components of the input solid or the components of the input shell. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  solidOrShell is not valid for triangulation (for example, it contains no faces).   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Unable to triangulate the solid or shell.   
Every point on the triangulation of a boundary component of the solid (or shell) should lie within the 3D distance specified by the "accuracy" input of some point on the triangulation, and vice-versa. In some cases, this constraint may be implemented heuristically (not rigorously). 
#### Reference
[SolidUtils Class](4c285bc6-c14e-9d55-5295-138764c01d12.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)