# Transaction.RollBack(FailureHandlingOptions) Method

---  
Rolls back all changes made to the model during the transaction. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public TransactionStatus RollBack(
    	FailureHandlingOptions options
    )
    
    Public Function RollBack ( 
    	options As FailureHandlingOptions
    ) As TransactionStatus
    
    public:
    TransactionStatus RollBack(
    	FailureHandlingOptions^ options
    )
    
    member RollBack : 
            options : FailureHandlingOptions -> TransactionStatus 
#### Parameters
options [FailureHandlingOptions](c03bb2e5-f679-bf24-4e87-08b3c3a08385.htm)
     A set of [options](c03bb2e5-f679-bf24-4e87-08b3c3a08385.htm) to be used for handling eventual failures during this call. 
The options are only used temporarily during this rolling back process. After the transaction is finished, the options will be reset to their default values.
#### Return Value
[TransactionStatus](29b9a7a8-6754-8310-e063-622b569bb6d5.htm) If finished successfully, this method returns TransactionStatus.RolledBack. 
Be aware that the returned status does not have to be necessarily the same like the status returned by [GetStatus](fdf98941-eee4-d8af-e3f7-5b6c7ccc3c74.htm) even when the method is called immediately after rolling back the transaction. Such difference may happen due to actions made by a transaction finalizer, if there was one set. (See [FailureHandlingOptions](c03bb2e5-f679-bf24-4e87-08b3c3a08385.htm) for more details.)
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The current status of the transaction is not 'Started'. Transaction must be started before calling Commit or Rollback. -or- The transaction's document is currently in failure mode. No transaction operations are permitted until failure handling is finished.   
By rolling back a transaction, all changes made to the model are discarded. RollBack may only be called for a transaction that has been started. (Use the [GetStatus](fdf98941-eee4-d8af-e3f7-5b6c7ccc3c74.htm) method to check the current state.) Be aware that rolling back may be delayed (as a result of failure handling.) Callers should always check the returned status to test whether a transaction was rolled back successfully. Only after rolling back is fully completed, the transaction may be started again. 
#### Reference
[Transaction Class](308ebf8d-d96d-4643-cd1d-34fffcea53fd.htm)
[RollBack Overload](2b534cc2-e464-d424-d504-d2ae260bd937.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)