# BuildingPadType.CreateDefault Method

---  
Creates a BuildingPadType element and adds it to the document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static BuildingPadType CreateDefault(
    	Document document
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreateDefault ( 
    	document As Document
    ) As BuildingPadType
    
    public:
    static BuildingPadType^ CreateDefault(
    	Document^ document
    )
    
    static member CreateDefault : 
            document : Document -> BuildingPadType 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document to be modified. 
#### Return Value
[BuildingPadType](355ade63-59db-5d4d-dac2-1f490ff7c1c0.htm) The new BuildingPadType element. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
The default BuildiPadType adopts the value of 1.0 for the paremeter of thickness. If there is no BuildingPadType existing, will create a new one; otherwise, an exception will be thrown. 
#### Reference
[BuildingPadType Class](355ade63-59db-5d4d-dac2-1f490ff7c1c0.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)