# RebarSpliceByRulesError Enumeration

---  
Class that defines states for splicing a Rebar by rules. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum RebarSpliceByRulesError
    
    Public Enumeration RebarSpliceByRulesError
    
    public enum class RebarSpliceByRulesError
    
    type RebarSpliceByRulesError
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
CantSpliceAllTheBarsInSet| 7|  Some bars in the varying set are not intersected by the resulting splice geometries.   
InvalidCombinationOfMaximumMinimumBarLengthAndLapLength| 9|  The combination of the maximum bar length, minimum bar length and lap length is invalid.   
InvalidRebar| 2|  Free Form rebars, or Shape Driven rebars that are Multiplanar, or have a shape that whose definition is RebarShapeDefinitionByArc, or rebars that are part of a group can't be spliced.   
LapLengthBiggerThanMaximumBarLength| 8|  The lap length is greater than the maximum length.   
MaximumLengthBiggerThanBarLength| 5|  The maximum length exceeds the bar length.   
Success| 0|  Splice by rules can be successfully done.   
TooBigArc| 6|  The arc segment exceeds the maximum length.   
TooBigCrank| 10|  The crank lengths exceed the maximum length.   
TooBigHook| 3|  The hook lengths exceed the maximum length.   
TooSmallRunOut| 4|  The run-out is below minimum length, or the lap can't be applied to it.   
Unknown| 1|  There is an unexpected error.   
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)