# TemporaryGraphicsManager.AddControl Method

---  
Creates an in-canvas control. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public int AddControl(
    	InCanvasControlData data,
    	ElementId ownerViewId
    )
    
    Public Function AddControl ( 
    	data As InCanvasControlData,
    	ownerViewId As ElementId
    ) As Integer
    
    public:
    int AddControl(
    	InCanvasControlData^ data, 
    	ElementId^ ownerViewId
    )
    
    member AddControl : 
            data : InCanvasControlData * 
            ownerViewId : ElementId -> int 
#### Parameters
data [InCanvasControlData](5fdf010d-7dbb-332d-4704-8e067f2338dc.htm)
     Data to generate in-canvas control appearance. 
ownerViewId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The view in which the control appears. It will show in all views if the id is invalidElementId. 
#### Return Value
Int32 Unique index of control for future references. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The ownerViewId provided is not an id of a view.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Failed to load the image from specified path.   
This method can perform drawing an image (supplied by the caller) as an in-canvas control in the view(s). The control can react on click by invoking a callback defined in [!:Autodesk::Revit::UI::ITemporaryGraphicsHandler::OnClick(TemporaryGraphicsCommandData)]. The caller can use the returned index to update the control (changing image/location), delete and change visibility (hide/unhide) in response to any events later. 
#### Reference
[TemporaryGraphicsManager Class](1dd29f70-d381-fa60-8ffa-1076eac55ed7.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)