# UIApplication.LoadPackageContents Method

---  
Loads add-ins from the given packageContents.xml file. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.UI](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPIUI (in RevitAPIUI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void LoadPackageContents(
    	string packageContentsPath
    )
    
    Public Sub LoadPackageContents ( 
    	packageContentsPath As String
    )
    
    public:
    void LoadPackageContents(
    	String^ packageContentsPath
    )
    
    member LoadPackageContents : 
            packageContentsPath : string -> unit 
#### Parameters
packageContentsPath String
    The name of package contents file
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[FileArgumentNotFoundException](ca9ccaa9-ed08-d40d-31a7-1af3ad2dcb84.htm)| Thrown when manifest file which is specified by packageContentsPath doesn't exist.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)| Thrown if the add-in file path specified by packageContentsPath is null, Or packageContentsPath is null.  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)| Thrown if the add-in specified by packageContentsPath doesn't end with 'addin' or packageContentsPath is a zero-length string.  
[FileNotFoundException](73250198-dbc6-e760-4297-ec062f00f574.htm)| Thrown if the packageContentsPath is not found.  
[ApplicationException](05012a96-16ea-ace7-6115-b45406dacead.htm)| Thrown if the manifest file specified by packageContentsPath can't be parsed successfully.  
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)| Thrown when any of the newly added external applications fails to load and/or initialize properly, possibly because of one of the following reasons: AllowLoadingIntoExistingSession property is 'No'.Client id is duplicated.External application start up failed.  
[InternalException](c52bc6d3-6cd9-26f5-4b27-1646c0711a34.htm)| Thrown if packageContentsPath file that was found could not be loaded.  
#### Reference
[UIApplication Class](51ca80e2-3e5f-7dd2-9d95-f210950c72ae.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.htm)