# Element.DeleteSubelement Method

---  
Removes a subelement from the element. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public bool DeleteSubelement(
    	Subelement subelem
    )
    
    Public Function DeleteSubelement ( 
    	subelem As Subelement
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    bool DeleteSubelement(
    	Subelement^ subelem
    )
    
    member DeleteSubelement : 
            subelem : Subelement -> bool 
#### Parameters
subelem [Subelement](2d15bb45-70af-5f84-e899-322742591251.htm)
     The subelement to delete. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if entire element was deleted, false otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The subelement subelem does not exist in the element. -or- Subelement subelem cannot be deleted.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  This Element is an internal element, such as a component of a loaded family or a group type. -or- The document containing this Element is in Group Edit Mode, Sketch Edit Mode, or Paste Mode, and the element is not a member of the group, sketch, or clipboard. -or- This Element is a member of a group or sketch, and the document is not currently editing the group or sketch.   
Depending on implementation for given element as the result, the element can be deleted - especially if after subelement deletion there are no subelements left. See also: [IsModifiable](65f9f835-daaa-3efa-2976-3f932aa18366.htm). 
#### Reference
[Element Class](eb16114f-69ea-f4de-0d0d-f7388b105a16.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)