# GlobalParameter.SetValue Method

---  
Sets a new value of the global parameter. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetValue(
    	ParameterValue value
    )
    
    Public Sub SetValue ( 
    	value As ParameterValue
    )
    
    public:
    void SetValue(
    	ParameterValue^ value
    )
    
    member SetValue : 
            value : ParameterValue -> unit 
#### Parameters
value [ParameterValue](366521ef-ecc2-c3e3-feb5-81b3bbd8df0c.htm)
     An instance of one of the value classes derived from ParameterValue. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The given value argument is not a valid instance of ParameterValue! -or- The given parameter value arguments is not of the storage type the global parameter expects.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This is a formula-driven parameter. As such it does not allow the current operation. -or- This is a dimension-driven parameter. As such it does not allow the current operation.   
Note that a value can only be set for parameters that are neither formula-driven nor dimension-driven, as those have their values determined by evaluating the formula or by the dimension, respectively.
The argument this method accepts is of the same type of [ParameterValue](366521ef-ecc2-c3e3-feb5-81b3bbd8df0c.htm) that is returned by [GetValue](56eb0e54-eac4-9b51-3122-e4fb065b63f0.htm). However, the type can also be easily deduced: **Text** parameters accept only [StringParameterValue](2f79fff4-9773-471a-83f8-5636459bdbe5.htm). **Integer** and **YesNo** parameters accept only [IntegerParameterValue](14c16038-74bf-205b-ac93-6ffa6274c034.htm). All other types of parameters accept only [DoubleParameterValue](561ef32b-c3bc-3847-ef2a-27f4a011e650.htm). Curiously, the actual value of a **YesNo** parameter can be only either 0 or 1.
#### Reference
[GlobalParameter Class](b0e53a4a-84ad-abb4-358d-9797870f101b.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)