# FamilyItemFactory.NewLinearDimension(View, Line, ReferenceArray, DimensionType) Method

---  
Creates a new linear dimension object using the specified dimension type.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public Dimension NewLinearDimension(
    	View view,
    	Line line,
    	ReferenceArray references,
    	DimensionType dimensionType
    )
    
    Public Function NewLinearDimension ( 
    	view As View,
    	line As Line,
    	references As ReferenceArray,
    	dimensionType As DimensionType
    ) As Dimension
    
    public:
    Dimension^ NewLinearDimension(
    	View^ view, 
    	Line^ line, 
    	ReferenceArray^ references, 
    	DimensionType^ dimensionType
    )
    
    member NewLinearDimension : 
            view : View * 
            line : Line * 
            references : ReferenceArray * 
            dimensionType : DimensionType -> Dimension 
#### Parameters
view [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
     The view in which the dimension is to be visible. 
line [Line](e7329450-434a-918b-661c-65e15e0585a5.htm)
     The extension line of the dimension. 
references [ReferenceArray](bc9192b5-6666-a8de-0128-87dae479fd6a.htm)
     An array of geometric references to which the dimension is to be bound. You must supply at least two references, and all references supplied must be parallel to each other and perpendicular to the extension line. 
dimensionType [DimensionType](a6f6655d-3383-a0ea-670d-0bbe6d2bb964.htm)
     The dimension style to be used for the dimension. 
#### Return Value
[Dimension](210f88be-e3c5-26a4-7dd8-3296f6725cce.htm)If creation was successful the new linear dimension is returned, otherwise an exception with failure information will be thrown.
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown when any input argument is .   
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when the argument is invalid.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when the creation failed.   
#### Reference
[FamilyItemFactory Class](a7622967-1381-c17f-ed04-1ebe40da0440.htm)
[NewLinearDimension Overload](a95776fa-90a1-dff7-7ab9-53918a818e32.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)