# ImageTypeOptions(ExternalResourceReference, ImageTypeSource) Constructor

---  
Constructs a new instance of the ImageTypeOptions object. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public ImageTypeOptions(
    	ExternalResourceReference resourceReference,
    	ImageTypeSource sourceType
    )
    
    Public Sub New ( 
    	resourceReference As ExternalResourceReference,
    	sourceType As ImageTypeSource
    )
    
    public:
    ImageTypeOptions(
    	ExternalResourceReference^ resourceReference, 
    	ImageTypeSource sourceType
    )
    
    new : 
            resourceReference : ExternalResourceReference * 
            sourceType : ImageTypeSource -> ImageTypeOptions
#### Parameters
resourceReference [ExternalResourceReference](ffad9c15-8fc9-fbfd-f328-101533f4cf74.htm)
     An external resource reference to an image. 
sourceType [ImageTypeSource](b175940c-15a0-7bda-6f76-408f37e41ffe.htm)
     Specifies the image type source. Valid values are 'Import' and 'Link'. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The ImageType source is not correct. Only Link or Import values are allowed.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
ImageTypeOptions uses an external resource reference to determine the local path that will be used to open the image file. The operation to obtain the local path requires the resource to be loaded and is performed at a later time when the local path is needed, for example, for validation. See also LoadResource method of [IExternalResourceServer](c2ad8eee-b358-012b-a09b-8fbc3229652d.htm).
When the provided external resource reference contains a local file path, the information can include an indication that the path should be treated as a relative path.
#### Reference
[ImageTypeOptions Class](981135c3-777b-df9b-747f-60a35b74e00e.htm)
[ImageTypeOptions Overload](628cbaef-236a-ec0a-d4b3-a5dd17b054b9.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)