# ImageView.Create Method

---  
Create an ImageView containing an image imported from disk. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ImageView Create(
    	Document document,
    	ImageTypeOptions options
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	options As ImageTypeOptions
    ) As ImageView
    
    public:
    static ImageView^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ImageTypeOptions^ options
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            options : ImageTypeOptions -> ImageView 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document in which to create the view. 
options [ImageTypeOptions](981135c3-777b-df9b-747f-60a35b74e00e.htm)
     Options that specify what image to load. 
#### Return Value
[ImageView](d81ffc17-044c-2671-c2f1-374e1dd90c53.htm) The newly created view. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  document is not a project document. -or- The image filename is an empty string. -or- The image file is not a supported image file type. -or- The image file is password protected. -or- The image file does not contain the requested page number. -or- The image file could not be read and may be corrupt. -or- An error occurred while handling the external resource corresponding to the image.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[FileArgumentNotFoundException](ca9ccaa9-ed08-d40d-31a7-1af3ad2dcb84.htm)|  The image file does not exist.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[ImageView Class](d81ffc17-044c-2671-c2f1-374e1dd90c53.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)