# FabricSheet.Create(Document, Element, ElementId) Method

---  
Creates a new instance of a single flat Fabric Sheet element within the project. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static FabricSheet Create(
    	Document document,
    	Element hostElement,
    	ElementId fabricSheetTypeId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	hostElement As Element,
    	fabricSheetTypeId As ElementId
    ) As FabricSheet
    
    public:
    static FabricSheet^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	Element^ hostElement, 
    	ElementId^ fabricSheetTypeId
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            hostElement : Element * 
            fabricSheetTypeId : ElementId -> FabricSheet 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document in which the fabric sheet is to be created. 
hostElement [Element](eb16114f-69ea-f4de-0d0d-f7388b105a16.htm)
     The element that will host the FabricSheet. The host can be a Structural Floor, Structural Wall, Structural Slab, or a Part created from a structural layer belonging to one of those element types. 
fabricSheetTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the FabricSheetType. 
#### Return Value
[FabricSheet](1f420619-ab30-942a-e5b6-028b7ff3889f.htm) The newly created single Fabric Sheet instance. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The element hostElement was not found in the given document. -or- The host Element is not a valid host for Fabric Sheet. -or- fabricSheetTypeId should refer to an FabricSheetType element.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
#### Reference
[FabricSheet Class](1f420619-ab30-942a-e5b6-028b7ff3889f.htm)
[Create Overload](2f2eb2a7-5327-0d3e-972b-741a85ef96c8.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)