# DrawContext.FlushBuffer Method

---  
Submits geometry for rendering. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.DirectContext3D](f4ba10f0-55ea-5344-173b-688405391794.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static void FlushBuffer(
    	VertexBuffer vertexBuffer,
    	int vertexCount,
    	IndexBuffer indexBuffer,
    	int indexCount,
    	VertexFormat vertexFormat,
    	EffectInstance effectInstance,
    	PrimitiveType primitiveType,
    	int start,
    	int primitiveCount
    )
    
    Public Shared Sub FlushBuffer ( 
    	vertexBuffer As VertexBuffer,
    	vertexCount As Integer,
    	indexBuffer As IndexBuffer,
    	indexCount As Integer,
    	vertexFormat As VertexFormat,
    	effectInstance As EffectInstance,
    	primitiveType As PrimitiveType,
    	start As Integer,
    	primitiveCount As Integer
    )
    
    public:
    static void FlushBuffer(
    	VertexBuffer^ vertexBuffer, 
    	int vertexCount, 
    	IndexBuffer^ indexBuffer, 
    	int indexCount, 
    	VertexFormat^ vertexFormat, 
    	EffectInstance^ effectInstance, 
    	PrimitiveType primitiveType, 
    	int start, 
    	int primitiveCount
    )
    
    static member FlushBuffer : 
            vertexBuffer : VertexBuffer * 
            vertexCount : int * 
            indexBuffer : IndexBuffer * 
            indexCount : int * 
            vertexFormat : VertexFormat * 
            effectInstance : EffectInstance * 
            primitiveType : PrimitiveType * 
            start : int * 
            primitiveCount : int -> unit 
#### Parameters
vertexBuffer [VertexBuffer](329e5617-ce46-a993-1131-85c64f0842f2.htm)
     The vertex buffer that contains vertex data. 
vertexCount Int32
     The number of vertices in the vertex buffer. 
indexBuffer [IndexBuffer](186f6b15-38c7-cee7-6163-396cfdea43ee.htm)
     The index buffer that contains indices into the vertex buffer. 
indexCount Int32
     The number of indices in the index buffer. 
vertexFormat [VertexFormat](a946fa2b-bb1f-202c-38dc-8ae0307bedac.htm)
     The format of the vertices in the vertex buffer. 
effectInstance [EffectInstance](45b7ef37-46b6-6cf4-2f42-c6f4055a170c.htm)
     The effect instance to be used for drawing this piece of geometry. 
primitiveType [PrimitiveType](f0b47a17-85be-d631-10c1-76358114f7dc.htm)
     The type of geometry primitive used in the index buffer. 
start Int32
     The first index to use for drawing. 
primitiveCount Int32
     The number of primitives to draw. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  A change in the graphics state has made the vertex buffer vertexBuffer invalid for rendering. -or- A change in the graphics state has made the indexBuffer invalid for rendering, or indexBuffer is null and indexCount is not zero. -or- A change in the graphics state has made the vertex format vertexFormat invalid for rendering. -or- A change in the graphics state has made the effect instance effectInstance invalid for rendering. -or- The vertex format vertexFormat and the effect instance effectInstance do not match.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This DrawContext is not available because Revit is not currently rendering. In general, this DrawContext must be used in the scope of the RenderScene() callback of IDirectContext3DServer.   
#### Reference
[DrawContext Class](b9244325-08c8-8bbd-a9f3-5d91d638d85d.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.DirectContext3D Namespace](f4ba10f0-55ea-5344-173b-688405391794.htm)