# Document.NewCurtainSystem2 Method

---  
Creates a new CurtainSystem element from a set of face references.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public ICollection<ElementId> NewCurtainSystem2(
    	ReferenceArray faces,
    	CurtainSystemType curtainSystemType
    )
    
    Public Function NewCurtainSystem2 ( 
    	faces As ReferenceArray,
    	curtainSystemType As CurtainSystemType
    ) As ICollection(Of ElementId)
    
    public:
    ICollection<ElementId^>^ NewCurtainSystem2(
    	ReferenceArray^ faces, 
    	CurtainSystemType^ curtainSystemType
    )
    
    member NewCurtainSystem2 : 
            faces : ReferenceArray * 
            curtainSystemType : CurtainSystemType -> ICollection<ElementId> 
#### Parameters
faces [ReferenceArray](bc9192b5-6666-a8de-0128-87dae479fd6a.htm)
    The faces new CurtainSystem will be created on.
curtainSystemType [CurtainSystemType](8fc2105b-e7c7-afc5-5dea-15160cba19a1.htm)
    The Type of CurtainSystem to be created.
#### Return Value
ICollection[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm) A set of ElementIds of CurtainSystems will be returned when the operation succeeds. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown in following cases: The input argument faces or curtainSystemType is . The size of faces is zero.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when the CurtainSystem cannot be created, for example, the input faces don't belong to same mass or generic model. Or regenerate fails.   
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)| Thrown if the curtain system type does not exist in the given document.  
The faces can belong to different masses or generic models. The number of CurtainSystems will be equal to the number of masses and generic models. 
#### Reference
[Document Class](ab1718f9-45fb-b3d3-827e-32ff81cf929c.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)