# RebarUpdateCurvesData.SetTerminationPlaneNormalForBarIdx Method

---  
Sets the plane's normal in which the termination (e.g. hook, crank) at end of bar with index barPositionIndex will stay. This information is set to the rebar after the API execution is finished successfully. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetTerminationPlaneNormalForBarIdx(
    	int end,
    	int barPositionIndex,
    	XYZ terminationPlaneNormal
    )
    
    Public Sub SetTerminationPlaneNormalForBarIdx ( 
    	end As Integer,
    	barPositionIndex As Integer,
    	terminationPlaneNormal As XYZ
    )
    
    public:
    void SetTerminationPlaneNormalForBarIdx(
    	int end, 
    	int barPositionIndex, 
    	XYZ^ terminationPlaneNormal
    )
    
    member SetTerminationPlaneNormalForBarIdx : 
            end : int * 
            barPositionIndex : int * 
            terminationPlaneNormal : XYZ -> unit 
#### Parameters
end Int32
     The end of bar. Should be 0 for start or 1 for end. 
barPositionIndex Int32
     Index of the bar for which it will set the termination plane normal. 
terminationPlaneNormal [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The plane's normal in which the termination (e.g. hook, crank) at end of bar with index barPositionIndex will stay. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  Invalid end. -or- terminationPlaneNormal has zero length.   
This information is set to the rebar after the API execution is finished successfully. Before setting the value a validation will be done. We consider a termination's plane normal valid if it's perpendicular with the bar direction at end. This method does not take into account the rotation of the bar relative to its default position along the distribution path. 
#### Reference
[RebarUpdateCurvesData Class](ff847aea-8397-8b79-b039-16a72e479c9f.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)