# MechanicalUtils.ConnectDuctPlaceholdersAtElbow(Document, Connector, Connector) Method

---  
Connects a pair of placeholders that can intersect in an Elbow connection. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Mechanical](0eafd899-5912-56fd-94b1-d286156e26fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool ConnectDuctPlaceholdersAtElbow(
    	Document document,
    	Connector connector1,
    	Connector connector2
    )
    
    Public Shared Function ConnectDuctPlaceholdersAtElbow ( 
    	document As Document,
    	connector1 As Connector,
    	connector2 As Connector
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool ConnectDuctPlaceholdersAtElbow(
    	Document^ document, 
    	Connector^ connector1, 
    	Connector^ connector2
    )
    
    static member ConnectDuctPlaceholdersAtElbow : 
            document : Document * 
            connector1 : Connector * 
            connector2 : Connector -> bool 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
connector1 [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The end connector of the first placeholder. 
connector2 [Connector](11e07082-b3f2-26a1-de79-16535f44716c.htm)
     The end connector of the second placeholder. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if connection succeeds, false otherwise. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The owner of connector is not duct placeholder. -or- The owners of connectors belong to different types of system.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
The placeholders may have a physical intersection but this is not required. If they are not intersecting the connectors must be coplanar and able to be moved to intersect each other. If connection fails, the placeholders cannot be physically connected. 
#### Reference
[MechanicalUtils Class](f7cbd23a-1b69-d9bf-88b4-df10a8c4be0b.htm)
[ConnectDuctPlaceholdersAtElbow Overload](7b82eb6f-4daf-cc0b-0ae6-9468c95a7245.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Mechanical Namespace](0eafd899-5912-56fd-94b1-d286156e26fc.htm)