# CompoundStructure.FindEnclosingRegionAndSegments Method

---  
Given a pair of grid coordinates, and a direction for splitting, returns the enclosing region and the two segments intersected by a line through the grid point. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public int FindEnclosingRegionAndSegments(
    	UV gridUV,
    	RectangularGridSegmentOrientation splitDirection,
    	out int segmentId1,
    	out int segmentId2
    )
    
    Public Function FindEnclosingRegionAndSegments ( 
    	gridUV As UV,
    	splitDirection As RectangularGridSegmentOrientation,
    	<OutAttribute> ByRef segmentId1 As Integer,
    	<OutAttribute> ByRef segmentId2 As Integer
    ) As Integer
    
    public:
    int FindEnclosingRegionAndSegments(
    	UV^ gridUV, 
    	RectangularGridSegmentOrientation splitDirection, 
    	[OutAttribute] int% segmentId1, 
    	[OutAttribute] int% segmentId2
    )
    
    member FindEnclosingRegionAndSegments : 
            gridUV : UV * 
            splitDirection : RectangularGridSegmentOrientation * 
            segmentId1 : int byref * 
            segmentId2 : int byref -> int 
#### Parameters
gridUV [UV](1724be37-059b-91ff-aa74-d1508082f76d.htm)
     Coordinates of a point in the rectangular grid of this compound structure. 
splitDirection [RectangularGridSegmentOrientation](cc712c10-e391-eaf3-0441-ecc183f26846.htm)
     Specifies the direction of the split. 
segmentId1 Int32
     The id of a segment in the boundary of the containing region which is split by a line through gridUV in the specified direction. 
segmentId2 Int32
     The id of a segment in the boundary of the containing region which is split by a line through gridUV in the specified direction. 
#### Return Value
Int32 Returns the id of the enclosing region, and -1 if no region encloses the point. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This operation is valid only for vertically compound structures.   
Grid coordinates correspond to uv coordinates of faces. 
#### Reference
[CompoundStructure Class](dc1a081e-8dab-565f-145d-a429098d353c.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)