# Arc.Create(Plane, Double, Double, Double) Method

---  
Creates a new geometric arc object based on plane, radius, and angles. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static Arc Create(
    	Plane plane,
    	double radius,
    	double startAngle,
    	double endAngle
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	plane As Plane,
    	radius As Double,
    	startAngle As Double,
    	endAngle As Double
    ) As Arc
    
    public:
    static Arc^ Create(
    	Plane^ plane, 
    	double radius, 
    	double startAngle, 
    	double endAngle
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            plane : Plane * 
            radius : float * 
            startAngle : float * 
            endAngle : float -> Arc 
#### Parameters
plane [Plane](6a6ee978-f114-558d-3c69-00d289aa855f.htm)
     The plane which the arc resides. The plane's origin is the center of the arc. 
radius Double
     The radius of the arc. 
startAngle Double
     The start angle of the arc (in radians). 
endAngle Double
     The end angle of the arc (in radians). 
#### Return Value
[Arc](1f5f541e-9335-aef3-0e75-59eed9ae2221.htm) The new arc. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was NULL   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  The given value for radius must be greater than 0 and no more than 30000 feet.   
[ArgumentsInconsistentException](05972c68-fa6d-3a83-d720-ad84fbc4780f.htm)|  Start angle must be less than end angle. -or- Curve length is too small for Revit's tolerance (as identified by Application.ShortCurveTolerance).   
If the angle range is equal to or greater than 2 * PI, the curve will be automatically converted to an unbounded circle. 
#### Reference
[Arc Class](1f5f541e-9335-aef3-0e75-59eed9ae2221.htm)
[Create Overload](37b85ab9-0840-97e9-31b4-a0699e99f132.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)