# ReferenceableViewUtils.ChangeReferencedView Method

---  
Changes a particular reference view (such as a reference section or reference callout) to refer to a different View. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static void ChangeReferencedView(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId referenceId,
    	ElementId desiredViewId
    )
    
    Public Shared Sub ChangeReferencedView ( 
    	document As Document,
    	referenceId As ElementId,
    	desiredViewId As ElementId
    )
    
    public:
    static void ChangeReferencedView(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ referenceId, 
    	ElementId^ desiredViewId
    )
    
    static member ChangeReferencedView : 
            document : Document * 
            referenceId : ElementId * 
            desiredViewId : ElementId -> unit 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document containing the elements. 
referenceId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The reference view that will be changed to refer to a different View. 
desiredViewId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the View that the reference section or callout will refer to. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  referenceId is not a valid reference view. -or- desiredViewId is not a view that can be referenced by referenceId.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
Reference views may not refer to a View in which their own graphics (such as the section or callout graphics) will appear. If the reference view's ViewFamilyType is not appropriate for the new View, Revit will automatically change the ViewFamilyType during regeneration. This typically occurs when the referenced view is changed from a model View to a drafting View or vice-versa. 
#### Reference
[ReferenceableViewUtils Class](5e671f1d-7423-0a2c-e0c3-915b3dff92ed.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)