# Leader.Elbow Property

---  
Elbow point of the Leader. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public XYZ Elbow { get; set; }
    
    Public Property Elbow As XYZ
    	Get
    	Set
    
    public:
    property XYZ^ Elbow {
    	XYZ^ get ();
    	void set (XYZ^ value);
    }
    
    member Elbow : XYZ with get, set
#### Property Value
[XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  When setting this property: A valid point must not be father then 10 miles (approx. 16 km) from the origin. -or- When setting this property: An arc leader may not have its Elbow point placed at the current position of the leader's Anchor or End point.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  When setting this property: A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  When setting this property: The leader is not currently owned by a valid element. A probable reason for that could be if the element has been independently deleted, or the leader has never been properly initialized.   
This is the mid-point of the leader and its purpose depends on the shape of the leader. For arc-shaped leaders it defines the radius of the arc. For a kinked leader it divides the leader line and shoulder line.
Note that straight-line leaders do not have an actual elbow; however, the value can still be obtained, although it will always equal the current anchor point. Consequently, an elbow point can be set even on a straight-line leader, but doing so will automatically change the leader's shape property.
It is allowed to set the Elbow point of a kinked leader to equal either the end point or anchor point of the leader. Doing so will effectively change the leader's shape to a straight line. However, the elbow of an arc leader is never allowed to be placed on either the end or anchor point.
#### Reference
[Leader Class](66228564-d8b8-fc81-454c-e175528f7188.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)