# RebarContainerItem.GetCenterlineCurves(Boolean, Boolean, Boolean, MultiplanarOption) Method

---  
A chain of curves representing the centerline of the rebar. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public IList<Curve> GetCenterlineCurves(
    	bool adjustForSelfIntersection,
    	bool suppressHooks,
    	bool suppressBendRadius,
    	MultiplanarOption multiplanarOption
    )
    
    Public Function GetCenterlineCurves ( 
    	adjustForSelfIntersection As Boolean,
    	suppressHooks As Boolean,
    	suppressBendRadius As Boolean,
    	multiplanarOption As MultiplanarOption
    ) As IList(Of Curve)
    
    public:
    IList<Curve^>^ GetCenterlineCurves(
    	bool adjustForSelfIntersection, 
    	bool suppressHooks, 
    	bool suppressBendRadius, 
    	MultiplanarOption multiplanarOption
    )
    
    member GetCenterlineCurves : 
            adjustForSelfIntersection : bool * 
            suppressHooks : bool * 
            suppressBendRadius : bool * 
            multiplanarOption : MultiplanarOption -> IList<Curve> 
#### Parameters
adjustForSelfIntersection Boolean
     If the curves overlap, as in a planar stirrup, this parameter controls whether they should be adjusted to avoid intersection (as in fine views), or kept in a single plane for simplicity (as in coarse views). 
suppressHooks Boolean
     Identifies if the chain will include hooks curves. 
suppressBendRadius Boolean
     Identifies if the connected chain will include unfilleted curves. 
multiplanarOption [MultiplanarOption](37cc5a15-0771-41dd-4456-6820c7cef725.htm)
     If the Rebar is a multi-planar shape, this parameter controls whether to generate only the curves in the primary plane (IncludeOnlyPlanarCurves), or to generate all curves, (IncludeAllMultiplanarCurves) including the out-of-plane connector segments as well as multi-planar copies of the primary plane curves. This argument is ignored for planar shapes. 
#### Return Value
IList[Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.htm) The centerline curves or empty array if the curves cannot be computed because the parameters values are inconsistent with the constraints of the RebarShape definition. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
If the Rebar is a set, meaning GetLayoutRule() does not return Single, this method returns the first rebar in the set, even if the first bar is suppressed by IncludeFirstBar being false. 
#### Reference
[RebarContainerItem Class](764f647c-9c3e-b971-1c44-b63f756e1448.htm)
[GetCenterlineCurves Overload](bb7fbea3-252f-f989-9006-8e10b8192db2.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)