# AreaLoad.Create(Document, ElementId, XYZ, AreaLoadType) Method

---  
Creates a new hosted area load within the project. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static AreaLoad Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId hostElemId,
    	XYZ forceVector,
    	AreaLoadType symbol
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	hostElemId As ElementId,
    	forceVector As XYZ,
    	symbol As AreaLoadType
    ) As AreaLoad
    
    public:
    static AreaLoad^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ hostElemId, 
    	XYZ^ forceVector, 
    	AreaLoadType^ symbol
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            hostElemId : ElementId * 
            forceVector : XYZ * 
            symbol : AreaLoadType -> AreaLoad 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     Document to which new area load will be added. 
hostElemId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The analytical surface host element id for the area Load. 
forceVector [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The force vector applied to the 1st reference point of the area load. 
symbol [AreaLoadType](eb4b548c-059a-d0d7-2431-8203c29dfebd.htm)
     The symbol of the AreaLoad. Set  to use default type. 
#### Return Value
[AreaLoad](5dc205a9-cafd-911b-6a56-26f2e8bfcdc1.htm) If successful, returns an object of the newly created AreaLoad.  is returned if the operation fails. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The element hostElemId does not exist in the document -or- hostElemId is not permitted for this type of load. -or- Thrown when force vector is equal zero.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown if type could not be set for newly created area load.   
#### Reference
[AreaLoad Class](5dc205a9-cafd-911b-6a56-26f2e8bfcdc1.htm)
[Create Overload](ad04ec26-96a4-ddc4-305a-e6316cdb6a70.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)