# TopographySurface.IsBoundaryPoint Method

---  
Identifies whether the given point is an existing boundary point of the current topography surface. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Architecture](720f0c58-cb2b-4f13-374a-7348ed0a1cd3.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public bool IsBoundaryPoint(
    	XYZ point
    )
    
    Public Function IsBoundaryPoint ( 
    	point As XYZ
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    bool IsBoundaryPoint(
    	XYZ^ point
    )
    
    member IsBoundaryPoint : 
            point : XYZ -> bool 
#### Parameters
point [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The point to be checked. 
#### Return Value
Boolean Returns true if a given point is an existing boundary point. For TopographySurface and SiteSubRegion elements, it returns false if the given point is an existing interior point of current topography surface. For the topography surface associated with a BuildingPad element, it always returns true if the point is a part of the element (all points are boundary points for the topography surface associated with a BuildingPad element). 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The input point does not exist in the current topography surface.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
This applies to TopographySurface, SiteSubRegion, and the topography surface associated with a BuildingPad element. The given point will be evaluated in XYZ. If a point matches the XY location, but not the elevation, an ArgumentException will be thrown if this point does not exist in current topography surface. 
#### Reference
[TopographySurface Class](64242f41-69e1-84be-f21b-84783e81364a.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Architecture Namespace](720f0c58-cb2b-4f13-374a-7348ed0a1cd3.htm)