# Zone.CreateAreaBasedLoad Method

---  
Creates a new instance of an area based load and adds it to the document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Mechanical](0eafd899-5912-56fd-94b1-d286156e26fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static Zone CreateAreaBasedLoad(
    	Document doc,
    	string name,
    	ElementId levelId,
    	ElementId phaseId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CreateAreaBasedLoad ( 
    	doc As Document,
    	name As String,
    	levelId As ElementId,
    	phaseId As ElementId
    ) As Zone
    
    public:
    static Zone^ CreateAreaBasedLoad(
    	Document^ doc, 
    	String^ name, 
    	ElementId^ levelId, 
    	ElementId^ phaseId
    )
    
    static member CreateAreaBasedLoad : 
            doc : Document * 
            name : string * 
            levelId : ElementId * 
            phaseId : ElementId -> Zone 
#### Parameters
doc [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document where the element will be created and added. 
name String
     The name of the area based load to be created. 
levelId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The base level on which the area based load will be created. 
phaseId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The associative phase on which the area based load is to exist. 
#### Return Value
[Zone](b47e1280-b436-5f9d-17dc-5b315b50c5ee.htm) The newly created area based load. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  name cannot include prohibited characters, such as "{, }, [, ], |, ;, less-than sign, greater-than sign, ?, `, ~". -or- name is an empty string. -or- The ElementId levelId is not a Level. -or- The id does not represent a valid phase.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements).   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
#### Reference
[Zone Class](b47e1280-b436-5f9d-17dc-5b315b50c5ee.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Mechanical Namespace](0eafd899-5912-56fd-94b1-d286156e26fc.htm)