# Curve.Intersect(Curve, CurveIntersectResultOption) Method

---  
Calculates the intersection of this curve with the specified curve.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public CurveIntersectResult Intersect(
    	Curve curve,
    	CurveIntersectResultOption option
    )
    
    Public Function Intersect ( 
    	curve As Curve,
    	option As CurveIntersectResultOption
    ) As CurveIntersectResult
    
    public:
    CurveIntersectResult^ Intersect(
    	Curve^ curve, 
    	CurveIntersectResultOption option
    )
    
    member Intersect : 
            curve : Curve * 
            option : CurveIntersectResultOption -> CurveIntersectResult 
#### Parameters
curve [Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.htm)
    The specified curve to intersect with this curve.
option [CurveIntersectResultOption](31d5fc16-a446-f1df-81ec-bbf142d809e5.htm)
    Specifies the amount of information to return in the [CurveIntersectResult](dcc60ee9-2d65-5843-5aa1-58f9797b178e.htm).
#### Return Value
[CurveIntersectResult](dcc60ee9-2d65-5843-5aa1-58f9797b178e.htm)The [CurveIntersectResult](dcc60ee9-2d65-5843-5aa1-58f9797b178e.htm) describing the geometric relationship of the two curves. This will contain at least a SetComparisonResult and, if requested, a list of [CurveOverlapPoint](a81ce2d6-5a82-3d0a-6788-3e589ca290a2.htm)s specifying where the two curves overlap or intersect. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  The specified curve is .   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Failed to calculate the intersection.   
The [CurveIntersectResultOption](31d5fc16-a446-f1df-81ec-bbf142d809e5.htm) passed to this method determines the amount of information that will be calculated and returned: 
  * CurveIntersectResultOption.Simple - Calculate only the geometric relationship between the two curves, as indicated by a SetComparisonResult value.
  * CurveIntersectResultOption.Detailed - Calculate the geometric relationship between the two curves, along with any points or intervals of overlap. This option may result in additional computations being performed compared to CurveIntersectResultOption.Simple.

#### Reference
[Curve Class](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.htm)
[Intersect Overload](570fb842-cac3-83f5-1ab9-621e55186ead.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)