# UpdaterRegistry.RegisterUpdater(IUpdater, Boolean) Method

---  
Registers an updater application-wide, which means the updater may get triggered in any open document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static void RegisterUpdater(
    	IUpdater updater,
    	bool isOptional
    )
    
    Public Shared Sub RegisterUpdater ( 
    	updater As IUpdater,
    	isOptional As Boolean
    )
    
    public:
    static void RegisterUpdater(
    	IUpdater^ updater, 
    	bool isOptional
    )
    
    static member RegisterUpdater : 
            updater : IUpdater * 
            isOptional : bool -> unit 
#### Parameters
updater [IUpdater](4cdaf502-fc25-8f18-7618-8448cce33d11.htm)
     Updater to be registered 
isOptional Boolean
     This argument controls whether the updater should be required next time a document is open in which the updater had been previously used. If a non-optional updater is not found (i.e. currently not registered), the end user will be presented with a warning and choices to resolve the situation. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Updater with the the same Id has already been registered on the application level. -or- Updater's Id is not valid.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Method is not allowed during execution of a dynamic update. -or- The updater's owner's AddIn does not match the currently active AddIn, i.e. IUpdater.GetUpdaterId().GetAddInId() differs from the addInId field in the manifest file of the currently executing external application.   
By registering an updater application-wide, any previous registration explicitly made for particular documents will be voided. That means the updater will no longer be connected with just those documents, and the methodIsUpdaterRegistered(id,document) will also return False. Consequently, any attempt to either register or unregister this updater to (or from, respectively) a document will cause an exception to be thrown. 
#### Reference
[UpdaterRegistry Class](4f24f516-5274-1420-f255-458c0af5d318.htm)
[RegisterUpdater Overload](1daf0b61-9091-ac72-97f1-071cf7d09124.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)