# FamilyItemFactory.NewRevolution Method

---  
Add a new Revolution instance into the Autodesk Revit family document.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public Revolution NewRevolution(
    	bool isSolid,
    	CurveArrArray profile,
    	SketchPlane sketchPlane,
    	Line axis,
    	double startAngle,
    	double endAngle
    )
    
    Public Function NewRevolution ( 
    	isSolid As Boolean,
    	profile As CurveArrArray,
    	sketchPlane As SketchPlane,
    	axis As Line,
    	startAngle As Double,
    	endAngle As Double
    ) As Revolution
    
    public:
    Revolution^ NewRevolution(
    	bool isSolid, 
    	CurveArrArray^ profile, 
    	SketchPlane^ sketchPlane, 
    	Line^ axis, 
    	double startAngle, 
    	double endAngle
    )
    
    member NewRevolution : 
            isSolid : bool * 
            profile : CurveArrArray * 
            sketchPlane : SketchPlane * 
            axis : Line * 
            startAngle : float * 
            endAngle : float -> Revolution 
#### Parameters
isSolid Boolean
    Indicates if the Revolution is Solid or Void.
profile [CurveArrArray](c9d071fe-9724-42ed-e280-57381cd44301.htm)
    The profile of the newly created revolution. This may contain more than one curve loop. Each loop must be a fully closed curve loop and the loops must not intersect. All loops must lie in the same plane. The loop can be a unbound circle or ellipse, but its geometry will be split in two in order to satisfy requirements for sketches used in extrusions.
sketchPlane [SketchPlane](ba104029-d175-7e75-caef-667a4281f4af.htm)
    The sketch plane for the revolution. The direction of revolution is determined by the normal for the sketch plane.
axis [Line](e7329450-434a-918b-661c-65e15e0585a5.htm)
    The axis of revolution. This axis must lie in the same plane as the curve loops.
startAngle Double
    The start angle of Revolution in radians.
endAngle Double
    The end angle of Revolution in radians.
#### Return Value
[Revolution](c79a0527-7887-2fdf-3d8a-a7845cbf18a0.htm)If creation was successful the new revolution is returned, otherwise an exception with failure information will be thrown.
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument-profile-is  or empty array.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument-sketchPlane-is .   
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument-sketchPlane-is an invalid sketch plane.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument-axis-is .   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when creation is attempted in Conceptual Mass, 2D, or other family where revolutions cannot be created.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when the creation failed.   
This method creates an Revolution in a family document. The Revolution will be rotated the plane of the Revolution profile about the Axis. 
#### Reference
[FamilyItemFactory Class](a7622967-1381-c17f-ed04-1ebe40da0440.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)