# PathOfTravel.Create(View, XYZ, XYZ, PathOfTravelCalculationStatus) Method

---  
Creates a new path of travel between two points and provides creation result status. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static PathOfTravel Create(
    	View DBView,
    	XYZ pathStart,
    	XYZ pathEnd,
    	out PathOfTravelCalculationStatus resultStatus
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	DBView As View,
    	pathStart As XYZ,
    	pathEnd As XYZ,
    	<OutAttribute> ByRef resultStatus As PathOfTravelCalculationStatus
    ) As PathOfTravel
    
    public:
    static PathOfTravel^ Create(
    	View^ DBView, 
    	XYZ^ pathStart, 
    	XYZ^ pathEnd, 
    	[OutAttribute] PathOfTravelCalculationStatus% resultStatus
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            DBView : View * 
            pathStart : XYZ * 
            pathEnd : XYZ * 
            resultStatus : PathOfTravelCalculationStatus byref -> PathOfTravel 
#### Parameters
DBView [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
     The floor plan view to use when computing the shortest distance. 
pathStart [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The start point of the path. The input Z coordinates are ignored and set to the view's level elevation. 
pathEnd [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The end point of the path. The input Z coordinates are ignored and set to the view's level elevation. 
resultStatus [PathOfTravelCalculationStatus](c87dc425-1e13-40b9-df6d-08fde112210b.htm)
     Result status of path of travel creation. 
#### Return Value
[PathOfTravel](99c2bb04-151f-c325-84b2-40dee81447d6.htm) The newly created path of travel element, or  if no path between the two points is found. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The element "DBView" is in a family document or a document in in-place edit mode. -or- View is not a floor plan view.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The document containing DBView is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- This operation cannot be performed while the document is in edit mode. -or- The Path of Travel calculation service is not available -or- This functionality is not available in Revit LT.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document containing DBView is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document containing DBView is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document containing DBView has no open transaction.   
InvalidOperationException is thrown if PathOfTravel cannot be created for the following conditions: 
  * View has crop box active and crop box is split 
  * View has crop box active and start or end point lies outside of the crop 
  * View model outline area is larger than the current limit (2,000,000 sq.ft.) 
  * View export contains too much geometry (more than 200,000 lines) 
  * Start and end points are too close 

#### Reference
[PathOfTravel Class](99c2bb04-151f-c325-84b2-40dee81447d6.htm)
[Create Overload](0237a26d-1900-4d52-89fc-c6c6562e4763.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis Namespace](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.htm)