# RebarSpliceUtils.CanRebarBeSpliced(Rebar, RebarSpliceOptions, Line, ElementId) Method

---  
Verifies if the rebar can be spliced with the provided line. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static RebarSpliceError CanRebarBeSpliced(
    	Rebar rebar,
    	RebarSpliceOptions spliceOptions,
    	Line line,
    	ElementId viewId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CanRebarBeSpliced ( 
    	rebar As Rebar,
    	spliceOptions As RebarSpliceOptions,
    	line As Line,
    	viewId As ElementId
    ) As RebarSpliceError
    
    public:
    static RebarSpliceError CanRebarBeSpliced(
    	Rebar^ rebar, 
    	RebarSpliceOptions^ spliceOptions, 
    	Line^ line, 
    	ElementId^ viewId
    )
    
    static member CanRebarBeSpliced : 
            rebar : Rebar * 
            spliceOptions : RebarSpliceOptions * 
            line : Line * 
            viewId : ElementId -> RebarSpliceError 
#### Parameters
rebar [Rebar](70fd7426-f4a4-591c-8c06-3c18dda45e7d.htm)
     The rebar to be spliced. 
spliceOptions [RebarSpliceOptions](b9843a1f-f4d9-6f30-7150-f2a71c835cb3.htm)
     The RebarSpliceOptions. 
line [Line](e7329450-434a-918b-661c-65e15e0585a5.htm)
     The line to splice the rebar with. 
viewId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     Based on the view it will be determined the plane of the line. 
#### Return Value
[RebarSpliceError](7ca33f19-516d-8e98-0b0e-4b0093a1771b.htm) Will return RebarSpliceError.Success if it's possible to splice with line or other enum value corresponding to the error that occurred. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
This method uses the view normal in case of a 2D view and the current workplane normal in case of a 3D view. 
If the view normal is parallel with the bar plane normal the bounded line will be used to calculate the splice geometries where the bar will be split. 
Otherwise, the line will be extended to exceed the bounding box of the bar. 
#### Reference
[RebarSpliceUtils Class](b439ae8f-42b1-7cbc-2aea-16973b34a0b0.htm)
[CanRebarBeSpliced Overload](12fe0328-7068-b889-a71f-7ad6ce307313.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.htm)