# gbXMLExportComplexity Enumeration

---  
This enumeration specifies the level of detail of the exported analytical energy model in gbXML. Complex means that Curtain Walls and Curtain Systems are exported as several openings, panel by panel; a curtain wall with 50 panels gets exported as 50 openings. Simple means that one "huge" opening with the total opening area equal to the 50 panels is exported. This is more appropriate for most energy analysis. Mullions mean that Mullions in Curtain Walls and Systems are exported as shading surfaces. A "simplified" analytical shading surface is produced from a mullion based on its centerline, thickness and offset. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum gbXMLExportComplexity
    
    Public Enumeration gbXMLExportComplexity
    
    public enum class gbXMLExportComplexity
    
    type gbXMLExportComplexity
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
Complex| 2|  Using this enumeration, Curtain Walls and Curtain Systems will exported as several openings, panel by panel.   
ComplexWithMullionsAndShadingSurfaces| 4|  Using this enumeration, mullions will be exported as shading surfaces. A "simplified" analytical shading surface is produced from a mullion based on its centerline, thickness and offset.   
ComplexWithShadingSurfaces| 3|  Using this enumeration, shading surfaces will be produced from room bounding building elements that are not bounding spaces.   
Simple| 0|  Curtain Walls and Curtain Systems are normally exported as several openings, panel by panel, while for energy analysis all you need is one giant window. A curtain wall with 50 panels gets exported as 50 openings, while 1 opening with the total opening area would be more appropriate. Using this enumeration, one "large" window/opening will be exported for a curtain wall/system   
SimpleWithShadingSurfaces| 1|  Using this enumeration, shading surfaces will be produced from room bounding building elements that are not bounding spaces   
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis Namespace](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.htm)