# SchemaBuilder.AddArrayField Method

---  
Creates a field containing an array of values in the Schema, with given name and type of contained values. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExtensibleStorage](79486a74-376c-9555-c873-45d5a750f051.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public FieldBuilder AddArrayField(
    	string fieldName,
    	Type fieldType
    )
    
    Public Function AddArrayField ( 
    	fieldName As String,
    	fieldType As Type
    ) As FieldBuilder
    
    public:
    FieldBuilder^ AddArrayField(
    	String^ fieldName, 
    	Type^ fieldType
    )
    
    member AddArrayField : 
            fieldName : string * 
            fieldType : Type -> FieldBuilder 
#### Parameters
fieldName String
     The name of the new field. 
fieldType Type
     The type of the contents in the new field. 
#### Return Value
[FieldBuilder](13cd8e7c-acc8-af6e-0ae6-a9b77fcd913c.htm) The FieldBuilder object may be used to add more details to the field. Make sure to set the unit type if the field contains floating-point values. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The parameter fieldName is not acceptable for naming Extensible Storage objects. -or- The field type is not supported.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The SchemaBuilder has already finished building the Schema.   
The supported types for the contents are the same as for simple fields. See [AddSimpleField(String, Type)](5de0ea30-a58e-4db2-373c-05222a139465.htm) for details. 
Note that a schema may contain a maximum of 256 fields.
#### Reference
[SchemaBuilder Class](e74f9357-cc3c-558e-73b8-38ce6d247869.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExtensibleStorage Namespace](79486a74-376c-9555-c873-45d5a750f051.htm)