# Document.Link(String, DWGImportOptions, View, ElementId) Method

---  
Links a DWG or DXF file into the project document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public bool Link(
    	string file,
    	DWGImportOptions options,
    	View pDBView,
    	out ElementId elementId
    )
    
    Public Function Link ( 
    	file As String,
    	options As DWGImportOptions,
    	pDBView As View,
    	<OutAttribute> ByRef elementId As ElementId
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    bool Link(
    	String^ file, 
    	DWGImportOptions^ options, 
    	View^ pDBView, 
    	[OutAttribute] ElementId^% elementId
    )
    
    member Link : 
            file : string * 
            options : DWGImportOptions * 
            pDBView : View * 
            elementId : ElementId byref -> bool 
#### Parameters
file String
     Full path of the file to link. File must exist and must be a valid DWG or DXF file. 
options [DWGImportOptions](fcba2c30-7e6d-9ab7-8378-f4c6d5de06bf.htm)
     Various import options applicable to the DWG or DXF format. If , all options will be set to their respective default values. 
pDBView [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.htm)
     View used to aid placement of the linked file. If the options specify ThisViewOnly, this argument is required and the linked file will only be visible in the specified view. If the options specify center-to-center placement, this argument is required and the linked file will be placed in the center of the specified view. Otherwise, this view is used to obtain a base level to associate with the linked file. If not specified, an existing view will be chosen instead and may open a view or associate the linked file to an arbitrary level. 
elementId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of linked instance after a successful link. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if successful, otherwise False. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Not a valid file for DWG import (.dwg and .dxf files are valid). -or- ThisViewOnly cannot be true when importing a DWG|DGN drawing into a 3D view. -or- The provided view is not valid for the options provided. -or- One or more strings describing layer selection is invalid or empty. -or- The line weights are not valid; either it contains an invalid number of line weights, or a line weight outside the valid range. -or- The scale is not valid as a CustomScale for use during import. -or- NullOrEmpty -or- The view is not printable.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[FileArgumentNotFoundException](ca9ccaa9-ed08-d40d-31a7-1af3ad2dcb84.htm)|  The given file does not exist.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Import is temporarily disabled. -or- This Document is not a project document.   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
[OptionalFunctionalityNotAvailableException](0612a676-b6ba-8c37-2e28-b197438305ab.htm)|  The Material Library is missing in the installed Revit. -or- The DWG Import/Link module is not available in the installed Revit.   
Link isn't supported for family documents. Please use import instead. 
#### Reference
[Document Class](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
[Link Overload](0e45b625-904e-06be-fabc-8591fed616f8.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)