# RevitLinkType.Load Method

---  
Loads or reloads the Revit link from its currently-stored location. If the link is an external resource, Revit will contact the IExternalResourceServer to get the latest version of the link. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public LinkLoadResult Load()
    
    Public Function Load As LinkLoadResult
    
    public:
    LinkLoadResult^ Load()
    
    member Load : unit -> LinkLoadResult 
#### Return Value
[LinkLoadResult](f846bfb0-b047-9332-567f-75ae880d8359.htm) An object containing the ElementId of the link and an enum value indicating any errors which occurred while trying to load. LinkLoadResultType.LinkLoaded indicates success. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[FileAccessException](187d56d7-0b37-699f-2abd-6ddebfa93f1e.htm)|  The model cannot be accessed due to lack of access privileges.   
[ForbiddenForDynamicUpdateException](c5b911f6-1e8f-2cd4-6965-286f41221fe0.htm)|  The element "this RevitLinkType" is in a ducument which is in dynamic update.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The element "this RevitLinkType" is in a family document or a document in in-place edit mode. -or- The element "this RevitLinkType" is in a document which is in an edit mode or is in family mode. -or- The element "this RevitLinkType" is in a read-only document. -or- This RevitLinkType is not a top-level link. -or- The link "this RevitLinkType" is loaded into multiple documents and cannot be reloaded. -or- The element "this RevitLinkType" is in a closed workset. -or- There is a transaction phase left open (such as a transaction, sub-transaction of transaction group) at the time of invoking this method.   
If the link is currently loaded, Revit must unload the link before reloading it. Any changes made in-memory to the link's shared coordinates will be discarded.
This function regenerates the document. 
The document's Undo history will be cleared by this command. As a result, this command and others executed before it cannot be undone. All transaction phases (e.g. transactions transaction groups and sub-transaction) that were explicitly started must be finished prior to calling this method.
#### Reference
[RevitLinkType Class](2204a5ab-6476-df41-116d-23dbe3cb5407.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)