# ElementTypeGroup Enumeration

---  
The element type group. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum ElementTypeGroup
    
    Public Enumeration ElementTypeGroup
    
    public enum class ElementTypeGroup
    
    type ElementTypeGroup
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
AlignmentStationLabelType| 151|  The alignment station label type.   
AnalyticalLinkType| 136|  The analytical link type.   
AngularDimensionType| 37|  The angular dimension type.   
ArcLengthDimensionType| 38|  The arc length dimension type.   
AreaLoadType| 82|  The area load type.   
AreaReinforcementType| 87|  Area reinforcement type.   
AttachedDetailGroupType| 34|  The attached detail group type.   
BeamSystemType| 54|  The beam system type.   
BendingDetail| 154|  The bending detail type.   
BuildingPadType| 43|  The building pad type.   
CableTrayType| 122|  The cable tray type.   
CableType| 157|  The electrical cable type.   
CalloutType| 22|  The callout view type.   
CeilingType| 6|  The ceiling type.   
ColorFillType| 143|  The color fill legend type.   
ConduitType| 123|  The conduilt type.   
ContourLabelingType| 46|  The contour labeling type.   
CorniceType| 16|  The cornice type.   
CurtainSystemType| 58|  The curtain system type.   
DecalType| 45|  The decal type.   
DetailGroupType| 33|  The detail group type.   
DiameterDimensionType| 126|  The diameter dimension type.   
DuctInsulationType| 120|  The duct insulation type.   
DuctLiningType| 121|  The duct lining type.   
DuctType| 97|  The duct type.   
EdgeSlabType| 50|  The slab edge type.   
EndTreatmentType| 146|  The End Treatment Type.   
FabricAreaType| 90|  The fabric area type.   
FabricSheetType| 91|  The fabric sheet type.   
FasciaType| 48|  The fascial type.   
FilledRegionType| 35|  The filled region type.   
FlexDuctType| 98|  The flex duct type.   
FlexPipeType| 101|  The flex pipe type.   
FloorType| 4|  The floor type.   
FootingSlabType| 5|  The footing slab type.   
GridType| 8|  The Grid Type.   
GutterType| 49|  The gutter type.   
LevelType| 9|  The Level Type   
LinearDimensionType| 10|  The linear dimension type.   
LineLoadType| 83|  The line load type.   
ModelGroupType| 32|  The model group type.   
ModelTextType| 14|  The model text type.   
MultiReferenceAnnotationType| 140|  The multi-reference annotation type.   
PathReinforcementType| 88|  Path reinforcement type.   
PipeInsulationType| 119|  The pipe insulation type.   
PipeType| 100|  The pipe type.   
PointLoadType| 84|  The point load type.   
RadialDimensionType| 36|  The radial dimension type.   
RailingsTypeForRamps| 1|  The railings type for ramps.   
RailingsTypeForStairs| 0|  The railings type for stairs.   
RampType| 28|  The ramp type.   
RebarBarType| 85|  The rebar bar type.   
RebarContainerType| 144|  The Rebar Container Type.   
RebarSpliceType| 156|  The rebar splice type.   
ReferenceViewerType| 21|  The reference viewer type.   
RepeatingDetailType| 53|  The repeating detail type.   
RevealType| 17|  The reveal type.   
RoofSoffitType| 47|  The roof soffit type.   
RoofType| 3|  The roof type.   
SchematicBendingDetail| 155|  The schematic bending detail type.   
SpotCoordinateType| 106|  The spot coordinate type.   
SpotElevationType| 11|  The spot elevation type.   
SpotSlopeType| 108|  The spot slope type.   
StairsBySketchType| 7|  The stairs by sketch type.   
StairsRailingType| 30|  The stairs railing type.   
StairsType| 127|  The stairs type.   
StructuralConnectionHandlerType| 145|  The Structural Connection Handler Type.   
TagNoteType| 13|  The tag note type.   
TextNoteType| 12|  The text note type.   
ViewportType| 19|  The viewport type.   
ViewType3D| 62|  The 3D view type.   
ViewTypeCeilingPlan| 72|  The ceiling plan view type.   
ViewTypeCostReport| 67|  The cost report view type.   
ViewTypeDetailView| 74|  The detail view type.   
ViewTypeDrafting| 69|  The drafting view type.   
ViewTypeElevation| 75|  The elevation view type.   
ViewTypeFloorPlan| 71|  The floor plan view type.   
ViewTypeGraphScheduleColumn| 107|  The graph schedule column view type.   
ViewTypeLegend| 66|  The legend view type.   
ViewTypeLoadsReport| 78|  The loads report view type.   
ViewTypePanelSchedule| 80|  The panel schedule view type.   
ViewTypePressureLossReport| 79|  The pressure loss report view type.   
ViewTypeRendering| 64|  The rendering view type.   
ViewTypeSchedule| 65|  The schedule view type.   
ViewTypeSection| 73|  The section view type.   
ViewTypeSheet| 68|  The sheet view type.   
ViewTypeStructuralElevation| 76|  The structrual elevation view type.   
ViewTypeStructuralPlan| 70|  The structural plan view type.   
ViewTypeSystemsAnalysisReport| 150|  The system analysis report view type.   
ViewTypeWalkthrough| 63|  The walkthrough view type.   
WallFoundationType| 109|  The wall foundation type.   
WallType| 2|  The wall type.   
WireType| 102|  The wire type.   
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)