# Document.ReloadLatest Method

---  
Fetches changes from central (due to one or more synchronizations with central) and merges them into the current session. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void ReloadLatest(
    	ReloadLatestOptions reloadOptions
    )
    
    Public Sub ReloadLatest ( 
    	reloadOptions As ReloadLatestOptions
    )
    
    public:
    void ReloadLatest(
    	ReloadLatestOptions^ reloadOptions
    )
    
    member ReloadLatest : 
            reloadOptions : ReloadLatestOptions -> unit 
#### Parameters
reloadOptions [ReloadLatestOptions](0b498221-bbd9-2d9a-9234-ac447cb8ab7b.htm)
     Various options to control behavior of reloadLatest. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[CentralFileCommunicationException](20094e4f-8326-8378-e5bc-452341d131c2.htm)|  The file-based central model could not be reached, because e.g. the network is down or the file server is down.   
[CentralModelAccessDeniedException](3e38b7b1-1ee8-c7f0-6cdd-bacf67bf61f4.htm)|  Access to the central model was denied due to lack of access privileges. -or- Access to the central model was denied. A possible reason is because the model was under maintenance.   
[CentralModelContentionException](ad511076-c435-23c1-5720-1205c4ed28b9.htm)|  The central model is locked by another client.   
[CentralModelException](0e2ac15f-ca64-42c3-b3ef-e6f7ca1cb59a.htm)|  Username does not match the one used to create the local file. -or- Revit could not save all of the worksets that have been changed. Try again. -or- The central model has been replaced by a local model. -or- Local incompatible because it was closed without saving after synchronizing with central. -or- The central model is missing. -or- The central model is incompatible. -or- The central model is corrupt or not an RVT file. -or- The central model was rolled back. -or- The central model's elements have been relinquished -or- The central model is overritten by other user. -or- An internal error happened on the central model, please contact the server administrator.   
[FileNotFoundException](73250198-dbc6-e760-4297-ec062f00f574.htm)|  Cannot access the local file.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This Document is not a primary document, it is a linked document. -or- This Document is not a local model: it is not workshared or is central. -or- This Document is read-only: It cannot be modified. -or- This Document has an open editing transaction and is accepting changes. -or- This Document is not a project document. -or- This Document is in an edit mode. -or- This Document is a local file that is not owned by the current user, who therefore is not allowed to modify it. -or- Operation is not permitted when there is any open sub-transaction, transaction, or transaction group.   
[OperationCanceledException](aea34480-ceb5-b49f-129d-0799e7bb1c21.htm)|  Reload Latest was canceled by the user or by an API event callback.   
[RevitServerCommunicationException](a0003d89-0113-6623-65da-0db5c568bfb6.htm)|  The server-based central model could not be accessed because of a network communication error.   
[RevitServerInternalException](6dcd093c-d643-07cd-535f-36ffa9d2db52.htm)|  An internal error happened on the server, please contact the server administrator.   
[RevitServerUnauthenticatedUserException](b9b68e56-c767-4680-a65b-73d268ee8860.htm)|  User is not signed in with Autodesk id.   
[RevitServerUnauthorizedException](9e8c1efc-8719-fe01-f311-cfade7b177ed.htm)|  User is not authorized to access the specified A360 project.   
After this call finishes, use hasAllChangesFromCentral to confirm that there were no Synchronizations with Central performed during execution of ReloadLatest. 
#### Reference
[Document Class](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)