# RevitLinkInstance.Create(Document, ElementId) Method

---  
Creates a new instance of a linked Revit project (RevitLinkType). 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static RevitLinkInstance Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId revitLinkTypeId
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	revitLinkTypeId As ElementId
    ) As RevitLinkInstance
    
    public:
    static RevitLinkInstance^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ revitLinkTypeId
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            revitLinkTypeId : ElementId -> RevitLinkInstance 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document in which the new instance should be created. 
revitLinkTypeId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The element id of the RevitLinkType. 
#### Return Value
[RevitLinkInstance](a3a27c39-75bf-67d1-ae78-4cadd49a9c8e.htm) The newly-created RevitLinkInstance. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  revitLinkTypeId isn't a RevitLinkType. -or- revitLinkTypeId is not a top-level link. -or- revitLinkTypeId is not a loaded RevitLinkType -or- document is not a project document.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
Instances will be placed origin-to-origin. This function cannot be used to create instances of nested links. 
#### Reference
[RevitLinkInstance Class](a3a27c39-75bf-67d1-ae78-4cadd49a9c8e.htm)
[Create Overload](ab484ddc-a219-1266-29c3-88cb00204342.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)