# RevitLinkType.LoadFrom(ExternalResourceReference, WorksetConfiguration) Method

---  
Loads or reloads the Revit link. The link will be loaded from the location given in the input ExternalResourceReference. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public LinkLoadResult LoadFrom(
    	ExternalResourceReference resourceReference,
    	WorksetConfiguration config
    )
    
    Public Function LoadFrom ( 
    	resourceReference As ExternalResourceReference,
    	config As WorksetConfiguration
    ) As LinkLoadResult
    
    public:
    LinkLoadResult^ LoadFrom(
    	ExternalResourceReference^ resourceReference, 
    	WorksetConfiguration^ config
    )
    
    member LoadFrom : 
            resourceReference : ExternalResourceReference * 
            config : WorksetConfiguration -> LinkLoadResult 
#### Parameters
resourceReference [ExternalResourceReference](ffad9c15-8fc9-fbfd-f328-101533f4cf74.htm)
     An external resource reference describing the source of the linked Revit document. 
config [WorksetConfiguration](eefef6f4-0892-4bb5-8840-5e99aebc65c9.htm)
    
A WorksetConfiguration object indicating which worksets in the link to open.
If you want to load the same set of worksets the link previously had, leave this argument as .
#### Return Value
[LinkLoadResult](f846bfb0-b047-9332-567f-75ae880d8359.htm) An object containing the ElementId of the link and an enum value indicating any errors which occurred while trying to load. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The server referenced by the ExternalResourceReference does not exist or does not implement IExternalResourceServer. -or- The server referenced by the ExternalResourceReference cannot support Revit links. -or- The ExternalResourceReference (resourceReference) is not in a format that is supported by its server.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[FileAccessException](187d56d7-0b37-699f-2abd-6ddebfa93f1e.htm)|  The model cannot be accessed due to lack of access privileges.   
[ForbiddenForDynamicUpdateException](c5b911f6-1e8f-2cd4-6965-286f41221fe0.htm)|  The function is not permitted during dynamic update.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  This RevitLinkType is not a top-level link. -or- The link "this RevitLinkType" is loaded into multiple documents and cannot be reloaded. -or- The element "this RevitLinkType" is in a closed workset. -or- There is a transaction phase left open (such as a transaction, sub-transaction of transaction group) at the time of invoking this method. -or- The document is read-only. It cannot be modified. -or- The document is in an edit mode or is in family mode. -or- Revit cannot customize worksets for this model.   
If the link is currently loaded, Revit must unload the link before reloading it. Any changes made in-memory to the link's shared coordinates will be discarded.
Revit does not try to validate that the input represents the "same" document. You can load a completely different document, which may invalidate references to linked elements. 
This function regenerates the document. 
The document's Undo history will be cleared by this command. As a result, this command and others executed before it cannot be undone. All transaction phases (e.g. transactions transaction groups and sub-transaction) that were explicitly started must be finished prior to calling this method.
#### Reference
[RevitLinkType Class](2204a5ab-6476-df41-116d-23dbe3cb5407.htm)
[LoadFrom Overload](f9ad6c4e-c597-9d83-dffe-c0e2aa095ef6.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)