# FamilyItemFactory.NewModelText Method

---  
Create a model text in the Autodesk Revit family document.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public ModelText NewModelText(
    	string text,
    	ModelTextType modelTextType,
    	SketchPlane sketchPlane,
    	XYZ position,
    	HorizontalAlign horizontalAlign,
    	double depth
    )
    
    Public Function NewModelText ( 
    	text As String,
    	modelTextType As ModelTextType,
    	sketchPlane As SketchPlane,
    	position As XYZ,
    	horizontalAlign As HorizontalAlign,
    	depth As Double
    ) As ModelText
    
    public:
    ModelText^ NewModelText(
    	String^ text, 
    	ModelTextType^ modelTextType, 
    	SketchPlane^ sketchPlane, 
    	XYZ^ position, 
    	HorizontalAlign horizontalAlign, 
    	double depth
    )
    
    member NewModelText : 
            text : string * 
            modelTextType : ModelTextType * 
            sketchPlane : SketchPlane * 
            position : XYZ * 
            horizontalAlign : HorizontalAlign * 
            depth : float -> ModelText 
#### Parameters
text String
    The text to be displayed.
modelTextType [ModelTextType](54498ab7-d9a1-320b-61c1-ee4b894464bb.htm)
     The type of model text. If this parameter is , the default type will be used. 
sketchPlane [SketchPlane](ba104029-d175-7e75-caef-667a4281f4af.htm)
     The sketch plane of the model text. The direction of model text is determined by the normal of the sketch plane. To extrude in the other direction set the depth value to negative.
position [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
    The position of the model text. The position must lie in the sketch plane.
horizontalAlign [HorizontalAlign](1c390794-4ca5-8589-b838-b5842e727736.htm)
    The horizontal alignment.
depth Double
    The depth of the model text.
#### Return Value
[ModelText](3a51d58c-3e29-b641-e8bb-4d8a17c31527.htm)If successful, the newly created model text is returned, otherwise an exception with error information will be thrown.
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  Thrown when the input argument text, sketchPlane or XYZ is .   
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Thrown when input argument text is an empty string. Thrown when input argument horizontalAlign or depth is invalid.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Thrown when model text creation failed.   
#### Reference
[FamilyItemFactory Class](a7622967-1381-c17f-ed04-1ebe40da0440.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.htm)