# SiteLocation.Longitude Property

---  
The longitude of the site location. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public double Longitude { get; set; }
    
    Public Property Longitude As Double
    	Get
    	Set
    
    public:
    property double Longitude {
    	double get ();
    	void set (double value);
    }
    
    member Longitude : float with get, set
#### Property Value
Double The longitude, in radians between -PI and PI. If the value is not between -PI and PI, it will be shifted by multiples of 2PI until it is in range. 
A property that contains the longitude of the site location. The value of this property is in radians between +PI and -PI. If the given value is not between -PI and PI, it will be shifted by multiples of 2PI until it is in range.
When setting this property: 
  1. Revit will attempt to match the coordinates to a city it knows about, and if a match is found, will set the name accordingly.
  2. Revit will attempt to automatically adjust the time zone value to match the new Longitude value set using [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::SunAndShadowSettings::CalculateTimeZone]. For some boundary cases, the time zone calculated may not be correct. You can set the [TimeZone](6718329d-34ff-7d63-173a-c61905639807.htm) property directly to the correct value if necessary. 
  3. Revit will attempt to automatically update the weather station associated with the coordinates. 

#### Reference
[SiteLocation Class](9d71159d-514c-c1b3-8673-5c0e7f28b688.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)