# FormattedText.SetListStartNumber Method

---  
Sets the list start number on the paragraphs in a given text range. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public void SetListStartNumber(
    	TextRange textRange,
    	int value
    )
    
    Public Sub SetListStartNumber ( 
    	textRange As TextRange,
    	value As Integer
    )
    
    public:
    void SetListStartNumber(
    	TextRange^ textRange, 
    	int value
    )
    
    member SetListStartNumber : 
            textRange : TextRange * 
            value : int -> unit 
#### Parameters
textRange [TextRange](8a00baaf-8cb8-d9f0-e0a0-eaa5aa16e55e.htm)
     The given text range. 
value Int32
     The list start number to be set on the text range. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  This start index of this text range is not within the text range identifying the entire text. -or- The end of this text range is not within the text range identifying the entire text. -or- This list start number is not valid. A valid value must be in the range given by the methods [GetMinimumListStartNumber](35eab58f-9a75-db03-4182-e8a17ab2a55c.htm) and [GetMaximumListStartNumber](8bb4b3f7-9053-c9cb-751a-98803e7828eb.htm). -or- Cannot set list start number on this text range. The range contains paragraphs on which list start number cannot be set. List start number can be set on pararaphs of type [ArabicNumbers](7163554f-3446-22eb-afa4-5490d5df29c8.htm), [LowerCaseLetters](7163554f-3446-22eb-afa4-5490d5df29c8.htm) and [UpperCaseLetters](7163554f-3446-22eb-afa4-5490d5df29c8.htm). List start number can only be set for top-level paragraphs in a list; that is, they cannot be set to paragraphs which are part of a sub-list.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
List start number is the number of the first paragraph in a numbered list. 
List start number can be set on paragraphs of type [ArabicNumbers](7163554f-3446-22eb-afa4-5490d5df29c8.htm), [LowerCaseLetters](7163554f-3446-22eb-afa4-5490d5df29c8.htm) and [UpperCaseLetters](7163554f-3446-22eb-afa4-5490d5df29c8.htm). List start number can only be set for top-level paragraphs in a list; that is, they cannot be set to paragraphs which are part of a sub-list. 
For paragraphs of type [LowerCaseLetters](7163554f-3446-22eb-afa4-5490d5df29c8.htm) and [UpperCaseLetters](7163554f-3446-22eb-afa4-5490d5df29c8.htm) the list start number represents the letter in the order it appears in the alphabet. For example, for paragraphs of type [LowerCaseLetters](7163554f-3446-22eb-afa4-5490d5df29c8.htm), list start number of 2 will result in a list start "b."; list start number of 27 will result in a list start "aa.". 
Adjoining paragraphs which have a list type other than [None](7163554f-3446-22eb-afa4-5490d5df29c8.htm) are considered part of a numbered list. Changing the list start number of numbered paragraphs will cause changes to the numbers of the rest of the paragraphs in the same list. 
This function applies the list start number to the given range. The list start number must be in the range given by the methods [GetMinimumListStartNumber](35eab58f-9a75-db03-4182-e8a17ab2a55c.htm) and [GetMaximumListStartNumber](8bb4b3f7-9053-c9cb-751a-98803e7828eb.htm). 
#### Reference
[FormattedText Class](79a92343-2342-8325-1b51-f12c4fb05481.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)