# StairsRun.SetLocationPathForSpiralRun Method

---  
Set Location path for a spiral run. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Architecture](720f0c58-cb2b-4f13-374a-7348ed0a1cd3.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static bool SetLocationPathForSpiralRun(
    	StairsRun stairsRun,
    	XYZ center,
    	double radius,
    	double startAngle,
    	double includedAngle,
    	bool clockwise,
    	StairsRunJustification justification
    )
    
    Public Shared Function SetLocationPathForSpiralRun ( 
    	stairsRun As StairsRun,
    	center As XYZ,
    	radius As Double,
    	startAngle As Double,
    	includedAngle As Double,
    	clockwise As Boolean,
    	justification As StairsRunJustification
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    static bool SetLocationPathForSpiralRun(
    	StairsRun^ stairsRun, 
    	XYZ^ center, 
    	double radius, 
    	double startAngle, 
    	double includedAngle, 
    	bool clockwise, 
    	StairsRunJustification justification
    )
    
    static member SetLocationPathForSpiralRun : 
            stairsRun : StairsRun * 
            center : XYZ * 
            radius : float * 
            startAngle : float * 
            includedAngle : float * 
            clockwise : bool * 
            justification : StairsRunJustification -> bool 
#### Parameters
stairsRun [StairsRun](ea0e49a0-a007-79d0-c902-a24b1359ae28.htm)
     The run whose location path will be set. 
center [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The center of the location arc of the spiral run. The Z coordinate of the center is the base elevation for the new run (in model coordinates). It must be greater than or equal to the stairs base elevation. 
radius Double
     The radius of the location arc of the spiral run. 
startAngle Double
     The start angle of the location arc of the spiral run. The angle's coordinate system is world coordinate system which always is XYZ.BasisX and XYZ.BasisY. 
includedAngle Double
     The total angle covered by the spiral run. Must be a positive value (direction is determined by the clockwise flag). 
clockwise Boolean
     True if the spiral run will be created along clockwise direction, False otherwise. 
justification [StairsRunJustification](4d75bda7-267b-dc0e-286a-b5efb839655f.htm)
     The location path justification of the new stairs run. 
#### Return Value
Boolean Indicate if set is success or not. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  The given value for startAngle is not finite -or- The input center is not a valid center for spiral run (probably the Z coordinate doesn't meet the restrictions) -or- The includedAngle doesn't satisfy riser restriction to generate spiral run (probably it's too small).   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.htm)|  The given value for radius must be greater than 0 and no more than 30000 feet. -or- The given value for includedAngle must be positive. -or- A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration   
[ArgumentsInconsistentException](05972c68-fa6d-3a83-d720-ad84fbc4780f.htm)|  The radius is too small to generate a spiral run at the given justification.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  The stairs element represented by stairsRun is not in an active StairsEditScope. The run cannot be modified.   
[RegenerationFailedException](787bb389-74c2-5ce7-cdd6-32211209ded2.htm)|  The center, radius, startAngle, includedAngle don't satisfy restrictions to generate spiral run.   
#### Reference
[StairsRun Class](ea0e49a0-a007-79d0-c902-a24b1359ae28.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Architecture Namespace](720f0c58-cb2b-4f13-374a-7348ed0a1cd3.htm)