# NamingUtils.CompareNames Method

---  
Compares two object name strings using Revit's comparison rules. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static int CompareNames(
    	string nameA,
    	string nameB
    )
    
    Public Shared Function CompareNames ( 
    	nameA As String,
    	nameB As String
    ) As Integer
    
    public:
    static int CompareNames(
    	String^ nameA, 
    	String^ nameB
    )
    
    static member CompareNames : 
            nameA : string * 
            nameB : string -> int 
#### Parameters
nameA String
     The first object name to compare. 
nameB String
     The second object name to compare. 
#### Return Value
Int32 An integer indicating the result of the lexical comparison between the two names. Less than zero if nameA comes before nameB in the ordering, zero if nameA and nameB are equivalent, and greater than zero if nameA is comes after nameB in the ordering. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
This routine is similar to System.String.Compare(), but uses Revit rules for comparison. This involves breaking the names into alphabetic and numeric tokens and comparing tokens individually. Neither comparand is allowed to be . 
Note that this routine does consider case in comparing names. Some Revit element types disallow assignment of names where the only difference with existing names is the case of one or more characters, while other element types do not have this restriction. This routine does not take the particular element type into account, so it may not identify all "duplicates" if the names are to be used for some element types. Attempting to set the name on the target Element should provide the final indication of whether it is valid. 
#### Reference
[NamingUtils Class](3c4e0c18-8133-ec1b-41a2-ed92c918e44c.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)