# SketchPlane.Create(Document, Reference) Method

---  
Creates a new sketch plane from a reference to a planar face. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static SketchPlane Create(
    	Document document,
    	Reference planarFaceReference
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	planarFaceReference As Reference
    ) As SketchPlane
    
    public:
    static SketchPlane^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	Reference^ planarFaceReference
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            planarFaceReference : Reference -> SketchPlane 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
planarFaceReference [Reference](d28155ae-817b-1f31-9c3f-c9c6a28acc0d.htm)
     The reference of the planar face where the sketch plane will be created. 
#### Return Value
[SketchPlane](ba104029-d175-7e75-caef-667a4281f4af.htm) The newly created sketch plane. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  Sketch plane creation is not allowed in this family. -or- The reference is not a planar face.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
A reference relationship will be created between the face and the sketch plane. 
#### Reference
[SketchPlane Class](ba104029-d175-7e75-caef-667a4281f4af.htm)
[Create Overload](51d4403a-b78d-7527-f3bc-463d8044d0d4.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)