# Document.Export(String, String, STLExportOptions) Method

---  
Exports a view specified in the export options to the STL format. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public bool Export(
    	string folder,
    	string name,
    	STLExportOptions options
    )
    
    Public Function Export ( 
    	folder As String,
    	name As String,
    	options As STLExportOptions
    ) As Boolean
    
    public:
    bool Export(
    	String^ folder, 
    	String^ name, 
    	STLExportOptions^ options
    )
    
    member Export : 
            folder : string * 
            name : string * 
            options : STLExportOptions -> bool 
#### Parameters
folder String
     Output folder into which the file will be exported. The folder must exist. 
name String
     Indicates the name of the STL file to export. If it doesn't end with ".stl", this extension will be added automatically. The name cannot contain any of the following characters: \/:*?"<>|. Empty name is not acceptable. 
options [STLExportOptions](c8870dfe-9259-4981-4545-a6c0d0440552.htm)
     Various options applicable to the STL format. 
#### Return Value
Boolean True if successful, otherwise False. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  NullOrEmpty -or- Contains invalid characters. -or- The provided options do not specify a printable 3D view.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ForbiddenForDynamicUpdateException](c5b911f6-1e8f-2cd4-6965-286f41221fe0.htm)|  This method may not be called during dynamic update.   
[InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.htm)|  Export is temporarily disabled. -or- Exporting is not allowed in the current application mode.   
[InvalidPathArgumentException](3f3c93a6-008b-f9de-40d4-5cd99bb32b34.htm)|  The folder does not exist.   
[OptionalFunctionalityNotAvailableException](0612a676-b6ba-8c37-2e28-b197438305ab.htm)|  The ShapeExporter functionality is not available in the installed Revit, or the Material Library is missing.   
#### Reference
[Document Class](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
[Export Overload](2f535342-ee41-86f9-0022-92ba1f65112d.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)