# ColorFillLegend.Create Method

---  
Creates new instance of ColorFillLegend. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ColorFillLegend Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId viewId,
    	ElementId catetoryId,
    	XYZ origin
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	viewId As ElementId,
    	catetoryId As ElementId,
    	origin As XYZ
    ) As ColorFillLegend
    
    public:
    static ColorFillLegend^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ viewId, 
    	ElementId^ catetoryId, 
    	XYZ^ origin
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            viewId : ElementId * 
            catetoryId : ElementId * 
            origin : XYZ -> ColorFillLegend 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document. 
viewId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the view to place legend in. 
catetoryId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of category that color fill scheme belongs to. 
origin [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     The origin point of the legend, must be on the view plane. 
#### Return Value
[ColorFillLegend](81cbdc7c-9f7f-b454-5669-77ca0514eda7.htm)
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  document is not a project document. -or- There's no valid color fill scheme applied for catetoryId in viewId. -or- The origin is not on the view plane.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
Use [SupportedColorFillCategoryIds](84197491-81de-0713-06bf-fa7073419485.htm) to get list of supported categories. 
#### Reference
[ColorFillLegend Class](81cbdc7c-9f7f-b454-5669-77ca0514eda7.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)