# EditModeType Enumeration

---  
Identifies the possible edit modes that could be active in Revit. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum EditModeType
    
    Public Enumeration EditModeType
    
    public enum class EditModeType
    
    type EditModeType
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
Assembly| 19|  Editing of an assembly.   
CircuitGroup| 7|  Editing of an electrical circuit.   
CopyMonitor| 8|  Copy monitor editing mode.   
Displacement| 24|  Editing of a displacement element.   
Division| 20|  Edit mode used when dividing part elements.   
FabricationPartRoute| 25|  Editing of a fabrication part route.   
Group| 5|  Group editing mode.   
IndividualBarEdit| 30|  Edit mode used during editing the individual bars of reinforcement elements (e.g. move, rotate, remove, include).   
InPlaceFamily| 1|  Edit mode used when editing an In-Place Family.   
InsulationLining| 15|  Editing of an insulation or lining objects.   
JustifySlopeRouteEditor| 16|  Editing of a sloped sketch in a pipe system.   
LayoutPath| 12|  Editing of a layout path for duct or pipe systems.   
LightGroup| 14|  Editing of a light group.   
MergedPart| 21|  Edit mode used when editing a merged part.   
MultiSketchElem| 4|  Top level edit mode for certain multi-sketch elements. E.g. for sweeps, this is the mode entered after clicking the button to edit or create a sweep, but before editing either the path or profile sketches.   
MultistoryStairsConnectedLevels| 26|  Editing of multistory stairs connected levels.   
MultistoryStairsLevelLandings| 27|  Edit mode for adding or removing level-landings that connect different sections of multistory stairs.   
None| 0|  No Edit Mode is currently active.   
PanelScheduleTemplate| 17|  Editing of an electrical panel schedule template.   
Paste| 9|  Edit Pasted Elements mode.   
Path3d| 6|  Editing of a 3D path, e.g. when picking the path of a sweep.   
RailPath| 23|  Editing of railing paths.   
RebarConstraints| 29|  Edit mode used during editing the rebar constraints.   
SelectionFilter| 11|  Edit mode used when creating or modifying a selection filter.   
Sketch| 2|  Editing the sketch of a sketch-based element, such as an extrusion, floor, roof, etc.   
SpliceRebars| 31|  Edit mode used when splicing rebars.   
Stairs| 22|  Editing of stairs.   
StructuralCustomConnection| 28|  Editing of custom structural connections.   
SurfaceConnector| 18|  Editing of a surface connector for a conduit.   
SystemInspector| 10|  Edit mode used when the System Inspector for duct or pipe systems is active.   
ViewPosition| 32|  Editing of a view/viewport positioning on a sheet.   
WallJoin| 3|  Editing of wall joins.   
Zone| 13|  Editing of a zone's contents.   
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)