# ScheduleSheetInstance.Create(Document, ElementId, ElementId, XYZ, Int32) Method

---  
Creates an instance of a schedule segment on a sheet. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public static ScheduleSheetInstance Create(
    	Document document,
    	ElementId viewSheetId,
    	ElementId scheduleId,
    	XYZ origin,
    	int segmentIndex
    )
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( 
    	document As Document,
    	viewSheetId As ElementId,
    	scheduleId As ElementId,
    	origin As XYZ,
    	segmentIndex As Integer
    ) As ScheduleSheetInstance
    
    public:
    static ScheduleSheetInstance^ Create(
    	Document^ document, 
    	ElementId^ viewSheetId, 
    	ElementId^ scheduleId, 
    	XYZ^ origin, 
    	int segmentIndex
    )
    
    static member Create : 
            document : Document * 
            viewSheetId : ElementId * 
            scheduleId : ElementId * 
            origin : XYZ * 
            segmentIndex : int -> ScheduleSheetInstance 
#### Parameters
document [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.htm)
     The document 
viewSheetId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the sheet where the schedule segment will be placed. 
scheduleId [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.htm)
     The id of the schedule view. 
origin [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.htm)
     Location on the sheet where the schedule segment will be placed. 
segmentIndex Int32
     The schedule segment index of the schedule instance. 
#### Return Value
[ScheduleSheetInstance](68db8e46-90de-6b54-3dae-598957d94201.htm) The new ScheduleInstance. 
Exception| Condition  
---|---  
[ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.htm)|  scheduleId is not a ViewSchedule that can be added to sheets. "Internal" schedules are not user-visible but are filtered by sheet or used to manage Revisions, which cannot be added to sheets. -or- viewSheetId is not a ViewSheet. -or- segmentIndex is not a valid segment index.   
[ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.htm)|  A non-optional argument was null   
[ModificationForbiddenException](53205486-5917-7c33-8e67-e362106ddc97.htm)|  The document is in failure mode: an operation has failed, and Revit requires the user to either cancel the operation or fix the problem (usually by deleting certain elements). -or- The document is being loaded, or is in the midst of another sensitive process.   
[ModificationOutsideTransactionException](8f025460-c283-ea99-aa8a-5a36e11528f4.htm)|  The document has no open transaction.   
The segment index value could be -1, which means to create an instance for the entire schedule, see [SegmentIndex](69ecefc6-2bc3-d1b1-0777-b6ada9c4f789.htm) property for more details. 
#### Reference
[ScheduleSheetInstance Class](68db8e46-90de-6b54-3dae-598957d94201.htm)
[Create Overload](74edddf6-94b5-db01-d458-3c2d50342957.htm)
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)