# ServiceType Enumeration

---  
This enumeration is used for specifying the most predominant service for the building or space. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 26.0.4.0 (26.0.4.0)
    
    public enum ServiceType
    
    Public Enumeration ServiceType
    
    public enum class ServiceType
    
    type ServiceType
Member name| Value| Description  
---|---|---  
kActiveChilledBeams| 22| Service Type is ActiveChilledBeams.  
kCentralHeatingConvectors| 1| Service Type is CentralHeatingConvectors.  
kCentralHeatingHotAir| 3| Service Type is CentralHeatingHotAir.  
kCentralHeatingRadiantFloor| 2| Service Type is CentralHeatingRadiantFloor.  
kCentralHeatingRadiators| 0| Service Type is CentralHeatingRadiators.  
kConstantVolumeDualDuct| 20| Service Type is ConstantVolumeDualDuct.  
kConstantVolumeFixedOA| 16| Service Type is ConstantVolumeFixedOA.  
kConstantVolumeTerminalReheat| 18| Service Type is ConstantVolumeTerminalReheat.  
kConstantVolumeVariableOA| 17| Service Type is ConstantVolumeVariableOA.  
kFanCoilSystem| 14| Service Type is FanCoilSystem.  
kForcedConvectionHeaterFlue| 8| Service Type is ForcedConvectionHeaterFlue.  
kForcedConvectionHeaterNoFlue| 9| Service Type is ForcedConvectionHeaterNoFlue.  
kInductionSystem| 15| Service Type is InductionSystem.  
kMultizoneHotDeckColdDeck| 19| Service Type is MultizoneHotDeckColdDeck.  
kNoServiceType| -1| Service Type is NoServiceType.  
kOtherRoomHeater| 4| Service Type is OtherRoomHeater.  
kRadiantCooledCeilings| 21| Service Type is RadiantCooledCeilings.  
kRadiantHeaterFlue| 5| Service Type is RadiantHeaterFlue.  
kRadiantHeaterMultiburner| 7| Service Type is RadiantHeaterMultiburner.  
kRadiantHeaterNoFlue| 6| Service Type is RadiantHeaterNoFlue.  
kSplitSystemsWithMechanicalVentilation| 26| Service Type is SplitSystemsWithMechanicalVentilation.  
kSplitSystemsWithMechanicalVentilationWithCooling| 27| Service Type is SplitSystemsWithMechanicalVentilationWithCooling.  
kSplitSystemsWithNaturalVentilation| 25| Service Type is SplitSystemsWithNaturalVentilation.  
kVariableRefrigerantFlow| 24| Service Type is VariableRefrigerantFlow.  
kVAVDualDuct| 11| Service Type is VAVDualDuct.  
kVAVIndoorPackagedCabinet| 12| Service Type is VAVIndoorPackagedCabinet.  
kVAVSingleDuct| 10| Service Type is VAVSingleDuct.  
kVAVTerminalReheat| 13| Service Type is VAVTerminalReheat.  
kWaterLoopHeatPump| 23| Service Type is WaterLoopHeatPump.  
This enumerated list corresponds to the serviceType attribute in the gbXML (Green Building XML) schema and is primarily used for energy analysis. 
#### Reference
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.htm)